r
TH
Vol. TU.-I* *H9.?Whole Re. 1067.
PUBLISHED DAILY BY
IAIKI GORDON BBRIIfl,
No. *1 ANN STREET.
TERMS 07 ADVERTISING.?The extanaire clrotf
Wnj of the Heraij>, t>oth in town end country, male*
M uperior channel for advertiaer*.
roe rvELtr i.i*** oe f.eit:
1 uay, |0WN day?, fl 16 I 7 daye, f 1 37 I 10 Jaye.RR M
I " 0 761 ' l>i I " t 00 11 " 1 ?7
- " " i n I o ? i ia | it " i M
I ~ I W|> - ? , ? _ __
FOB BIUHT LINK* OB LESS :
I WMIl, M> I S mouths, $6 00
I aonth, * ? 00 | 6 months. 10 CO
Qrp- All advertisement* to be paid for before their in
MM
Advertisement! inserted in the Weielt Hcsalb it f 1
, per square every insertion.
, Usssiss Hssild? Issued every morning? price tics
cents per copy. Country subscribers furnished at tbe
seme rate, for any specific period, ou a remittance in
mirance. No paper set.t. unless paid in advance.
Wbiblt hsriLa?issued every Saturday morning, ad
Bine o'clock?pnee six caUi per copy furnished to cousj
try subscriber* at $i per annum in advance.
ConaK>ro!?Dc?Ti are requested to addresa their letters
te J a Mb* Oohdoi* Bvkwftt , Proprietor and Editor: and tl
Order* en hnstaeaa must be post paid,
THE~EASTERN DIVISION OF THE NEW YORK
AND ERIE RAILROAD.
A according to the follow mg arrangement. stopping at Jhrrmoot,
Blauvcltvillc. Paacac, Suffrrac. Kamspo station. Won1
sue Works, Turner's, Seamauvillc, Monroe Village and CheaFROM
NEW YORK.
A passenger train every morning (except Sunday) leaving
the foot of Albany atreet, at <ti o'clock, A. M. in the company's
steamboat Ulica, Capt. A. H. Sihultx.
A passenger train every tVc hicsdsy and S'turday afteniooa,
at 4 o'clock, from the foot of Albany atreet >u tho steamboat
Utica. _
A freight triin every Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday
afternoon, at 4 o'clock, from the foot of Cli unbent street,
by the steamboat Uninu
FROM GOSHEN.
A pscernger train every mnr..iiig, (except Sunday) at So'clk,
erriviugin New York, by the steamboat Utica, at the foot of
Albany street
A jwasenger train every Wednesday and Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'eclok, arriving in New York by the steamboat Utica,
A freight train every Monday, Tared , Thursday and h riday,
at 3 o'clock, arriving in New York bv the eteamboat
Union, andbargesat the font of Chambers street.
freight will be recited at the foot of Albany atreet on
Wednesday and Saturday, and at the loot of Chambers atreet
eat.Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, until 3 P. M
For frMghtor passage, impure at the Company's Trauspvtstion
office, coraer of Liberty and West streets, and at the
various depots on the line of the road.
H C. SEYMOUR,Supe-int-ndant
d37 lm Eastern Division New York and Erie Railroad.
NEW YOHK AND NEWARK.
MIM? amm sub* -a*"i*n
fmro reduccrt to MA ceult,
from the foot of Courtlaudt street, New York.
(Every day?Sunday*excepted.)
Leave New York. Leare Newark.
At 8 A.M. At S P.M. At 8 A.M. Atlt P.M.
11 d* A do 8 do t( do
4| do 10} do I do
T do 18 do
ON SUNDAYS.
From the f?ot of Liberty etreeL
Leave New York. Leare Newark.
At t A. M. and 4) P.M. At 1 P. M. and 18 P.M.
mCWYORK, ELIZA BETHTOWN, 1AHWAY AND
' NEW BHUNSWTdK.
Fare reduced.
from the foot of LibertyetreeMailr.
Leave New York. Leave New Brunawiek.
At 8 A.M. At n ATM.
41P.M. j P. M.
SO MX Itv 1LLE stage* eonneet with theee line* each war.
age between New York and Sonwrville, 80 cent*.
Do do New Brunawiek, T8 cents.
KSS5,?w., ? ? if SIS:
The fare in the T1 A. M. tr.un from New Brunswick, aodt|
P M. train from New York, has been reduced between
New York and New Brunswick to SO cent*.
" and Rahway te IT1 '
The Philadelphia maillme passes t hrough New Brunewiekfbr
New York every evening allo'eleek.
On Sundays the TJ A. M. tnptroaa New Brunswick ia omitPaaMOgars
who procure their ticket* at the ticket office.reeeire
awry ticket gratis. Ticketsare received by thecouductor
only co the day when purchased. nit
RED BIRD LINE TO ALBANY, en the
East ?id? ol the river, having better etagee
wPyapwy and teams?aiking no higher fare.?Office,
Howard's Hotel. IT8 Broadway ?Passengers will be forward,
eddiy Stage to Albany fey th e line from any point on the East
side of the river where the boats may be compelled by ice to
|top.
Agent* will be on hoard each of the mail boat* to give assistance
aad information
This lumexteiut. to Majdrea1 touching at Albany, (office
underthe Museum) and embraces a very direct and commodious
route thither.
The sieges MJborwi 'f ti.w hne will be found really the
ti> the comfort, conve,TOR*
A?O"ALBA~NY "si'-re
^MhBALm.w bath/Mas Ncrth Riv i ?Office
Waaler* Motel,* i-ourtlamlt
3X?T"M We* cn the west s.de of n
pm^^vfwrvTwwm'ibrwiet br at- j..?i I'ti-.a,
warn ?*MMffii?8^^tffiygP'fM.<lBWt*d, aim tntnee to AI
?W7 moraing (9^^^Sp8wK^6*k,^tdi"ilrm
Afbcoynest morning by 8
This te the shortest, .juiekeet and cheapest route to Albany.
The railroad cars are I toy-, commodious aud warmed by
tores. ,
The line on the ta?t side will be by steamboat daily as far
as the ice will permit
_ E. BEACH.
Passengers for Newbnrgh and Paltr. may secure passage at
this office by steam tioat .n-i nil o?l to Turner's.lt miles this
side of Newbnrgh where st ores will he in readiu fs to convey
them to Ihe above named pla es. dad tji
VIA STO.XIXGTo.X. I)Alf.Y.
aatPffi HARNDEN it (JO'S American and Foreign
Express. Foreign Letter, and Oeueral Forwardiag
Office.?Package* of all kinds, sample goods,
.SKjBEL specie, and I. ink nolo will be ree need and forwarded
by t.vprees.to am' from th- f- Mowing pi ices:?
, Prom Boston to Liverpool. I.on. .... Mauclireter, Binning
I .Was, and Leeds. Eng.; Dublin aud t oik, I re 1 cud, (ila-gnw and
reeoock, Scetlaiid, Palis mil Hair* France, and from Bogtag
to Providence, New York, ! hiladelphia. and from Troy
I WA?MUy, Having rtctui.y iumjv an^iuicHia niui iu*i?w
ple% Lio* to that effect.
I HARNDEN fc CO will atteud to collecting or paying
Dntti. Note*, Bill* or Acceptance*, ami the purchasing of
eeds of every description. or irnusieat buainea* of any kind,
which they undertake promptly.
Letter sag* will be kept at their Roston.Ncw York.Phila*
deT'Uia and Albany elf.ora, rorCunard'a Royal Mail Line of
team ships; auto, forth* at,-anierUreal \Ve*tern,aad the aaflmg
packet* from New York.
f'AKK NOTICE.?Pai katea acnt to either office,for England,
orat y other place, moat not. in any ease, contain letter*
N. B. AU feed* mmt be marked H VKNDEN fc CO.. who
, me alone re*pon*ible for the or injury of any article* or
property committed to tlieir cares nor i* any ri?k aitumetl bv,
or can any be attached to the B. fc I', and S. Railroad*, or lite
N.J. Meant Navigaliou Co., on whose road*, or in whoee
steamers, th?ir crateg are or may be transported, in reapect to
them or their contents at any time.
Hssr.aencE*:-Messrs. Floteher. Aleaaialer fc Co., Liverpool
ami London; Well:* fc Co., Bankert, Pari*, France;
Thomas B. Curti*, Esq., Bimiou; C ;odhue k Co New York;
Carey fc Hart, Philade'phta; and '1 homos W Olcott, E?<i..
^Or??cs?s;?No. M8 r. v'r itrect, Troy; IS Exchange, Albany;
41 South Third "eel. Philadelphia; IS Church street,
Liverpool; Court meet, Boaton; Union Buililiog*, Provi
Wfc.anrui.K. s^.. *... w-s.^r.^ ^
T. POWELL fc CO.'8 LINE.
mk POR NEWBUROH, landing at CALD
WELL'S, WEST POINT AND COLD
SBSHCK.SPRINO?The steamboat HIGHLANDER
ffgfi Hnhert Wnrdrop, will le.H'e the foot of Warren street
New York, every Monday, Tlvi 'Jay and Saturday afternoon'*
at 4 'clock. Returning the High, i ; erwill leav* Newbuegh
very Monday morumg at t o\|uck. anJ'uegda; and Friday
afternoon at * o'clock.
,Tsr freight or passage. ^piy lo the Captain en hoard.
N. B. Ail beggar- ano freight of efvry description, hank
Ml* orapocie, ? , on board thi* boat, mini bt at the risk of the
woera tuew.of nn|e?a a bill o Hading srreceipli* signed for
the tame mSI
FALL ARRANGEMENT?IT)l'Gil KEErMlB AND
NEW YOKE.
.M|n e|) The faat tailing aleamhoat OSEOLA,Cap#*wggB*e5^3Stain
Verdutr Trursdalr, for the remainder of
JUL3B9Ltke *r:i*ou will l-ave the steamboat pier, foot
ofChembvp* atreet,every .Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday
alternooue, at 3 o'clock?landing, up and down, at Caldwell'*,
West roiat. Cold Spihif. Cornwall, Kuhkill Landing, New
Hamburg, and Milton. Returning, leave* Poughkeepaie ?very
t Monday, Wednesday and Friday morning, at 7 o'clock Att-?
the 1st of November, the Oteola w ill leave Pnughkerpsie at
'clock m the morning. For pa?*age. apply to the Captain,
en board, or I* D. RANDOLPH MARTIN.
Ik _ 114 West *t.
gtff- PASSAGE KOH NEW ORLEANS?Only
JwPkKemlar Liar?The splendid, fast sailing packet ship
J(JJ?oitLE ANS iCapt. Sear*, sails positively Ulh January
, her regular day.
The ?hipe of tht* Line sail ever* Rve day*, or p???sge free
Having splendid accommodation* for c ibin, second cabin and
steerage passenger*. For passage, early appliraticn should be
siade on hoard, foot of Wall street, or to
W. k J. T. TAPRCOTT.
45 ,|rr. I nr 4V I'.rU <11.n
N. B.?The parkat ahip LOUISVILLE will iu<c?d ike
Orlrane, and anil on 20th January. jll
PA**AGP. FOB SAVANNAH?Firat racket^
( JffJWTIeepbndid ptek'1 ahui CKLlA. LnpL "lhatch-r;
PPKni'< a? above. having apirttdid aceommodatiota fur
akin, in nod cabin, k at*rr.??;r [Mteugf ra. For , ear'y
application ahould be Made on board, toot Matd--ti l.an-.orto
W. k J. T. TAPSCOTT.
jll 4* Souili atr?et, or IJ Peck Hiip.
FOR N KW OhLKANB?I and New
JJ^VTork Lin*?Hrcular Packet of SOth January .?The
JUyi?,ei>ieadid faal aatluf packtt (hip, LOUISN ILLE,
('apt, M, Rant, will tail p"?iii?rly >1 above, her regular day.
For freight or parage. hating ( Icinlidly fumiehed Arrowmodalioaa,
apply on board, at Or eana wharf, foot of Wall
etreel.orlo C. K. COLLINS k Co.
M South aticet.
Orcat cart will be taken to I are the gooda by th line correctly
me loured.
At eat ia New Orla too, Jae K Woodruff, who will pronip'ly
forward all goada lo hia addieaa.
The Packet Ship HUNTSVILLE, Capt. C. R. Mamford,
will anccred the Louiavitle. a ad aail i(t February, Iter r- gnl ir
day- 111
dtfft- PACKETS FOR H AT RE.?S< cutd Lww.?Tb
Jfl^Waewahin ST. NICOLAS, J. B. Pell.mtater, wd
JHBbad ou Am lit of February.
SOYD k HINCKKN, Agmla.
j | No. f Tontioe Betiding.
E NE'
NEW
Cliurlmtoii.
| Correepoudence of the Herald.)
Charlp:stow, S C., Jan. 4, 1842
Mrdictd Student*? Ditgracrful Hint?City (inard?
Student* Arretted?Cotton
J. G. Bbwhett, Eai) ?
Dear Si* :?
I law in the Herald the other day, an excellent
article in relation to the spirit of mobisra,
which prevails among the med ieal stndents in Phil'
adelphia, and a recommendation of the New York
Medical College, an superior to any other in the
country. The professors tbia institution you
aay are enterprising, scientific gentlemen, and the
students, sober, moral, and industrious; devoting
their time exclusively to the acquisition of an arduous
and responsible profession. Would that you
could say as much of the medical students of this
place ; for a portion of them are any thing but correct
in their eonduet.
I will give you an aecnunt of one of their recent
transactions, which has produced great excitement
as well as indignation in the city of Charleston,
and came very nigh terminating in bloodshed.
It was announced in the city papers that Dr.
Mattson, of Bosto has recently published a
work entitled the American Vegetable Practice,
would deliver a few lectures here ou reformed medicine.
There was no disturbance at the first lecture,
with the exception that when it was nearly
concluded, a large body of medical students left the
lecture room abruptly, msking considerable noise.
Many of the most respectable physicians of
Charleston were present, but they conducted themselves
like gentlemen. I
At the second lecture ihe stjdents assembled in '
full force, and made so much noise that the speaker
could not proceed He expressed his regret that
in the noble, chivalrous South, any attempt should
be made to interfere with free discussion ; that
those who were dissatisfied with his lecture had
better retire, as there were many respectable citizens,
nay even physicians, who were anxious to ]
hear him; and he suggested that the rioters were
encouraged by the medical professors themselves,
though be expressed the hope that the latter were
too honorable to sanction any such disorderly conduct.
A gentleman then roBe to address the audi- 1
ence, ?na >ua ion sucn prucciuiugs ncn; a uiagrace
to South Carolina, but tha uproar continued,
and the audience were dismissed. I may atate,
that the student! expressed their willingness for
the lecturer to proceed, provided he would not spy
any thing of tbe old school practice.
The next day Dr Mattson published a card, announcing
that he would lecture the enauiug evening
; and aa it waa understood that the city guard
would be ordered out, tbe students declared that
they would arm themselves and beat down the
guard.
The lecturer had no sooner commenced, than he
waa interrupted, with lottd rapping upon the floor,
and this aunoyauce was continued at frequent intervals
for n quarter of an hour, whan a file of the City
Guard arrived iu tbe street, and the Captain of the
Guard immediately tnade his appearance in the
lecture room. A gentleman instantly stepped up to
him, engaging him in private conversation, and after
a few minutes the captain retired. 1 have just
understeod that this gentleman was a Dr. Cohen, cf
Charleston, who told tbe captain that his presence
would irritate tbe students, and that if he would
retire there would he no further disturbance. This,
it eeema, was n stratagem te enable the students to
carry out their designs with impunity. Tney were
still fearful however that the Guard would interfere,
and Dr. Mattaon was enabled to conclude
his lecture, though not without much noisv
and disturbance. After the lecture waa concluded,
the students assembled in the street,displaying their
pistols and bowie-knives, and swearing vengeance
upon tbe lecturer; some declaring that they would
take his life if hedared to show himself among them.
At this juncture, two or three of the ring-leaders
were seized by the guard,and dragged to the guardhouse.
Some of the students proposed to release
their companions, but the lieutenant of tbe guaru
ordered histnea to beat them down like dogs iftbey
attempted to draw a weapon. After this, a file of
the guard, together with several citizens, escorted
Dr. Mattaon to his lodgings. The next morning
some of the rioters were indicted and held te bail in
a heavy sum, and strange to say, a hitherto highly i
respectable citizen of i/harleston, has been included
among tbe number. The trial will be had, 1 am
told, next April.
The Herald. I find, is extensively circulated in
the South, and 1 think a few judicious hint*, by
yourself, would induce the wealthy planter* of
iheie states, to lend their son*, whom they intend
for the medical profession, to some other college
than that of Charleston, for here the professors
make ao effort to keep them in the path of duty, and
a large number of them spend their time in riotons
and disorderly conduct.
One of the professors in the College here, was
obliged to leave the institution a few years ago, in
consequence of having delivered a lecture from the
French, verbatim, without any acknowledgment
He was detected in the plagarism, and was either
discharged *r forced to leave, but has ainee been
restored to the institution, and is now one of its
prominrnt professors
Cotton is selling at a low price here. I have
just been conv?r?ing with a planter, who told
me that there is adownwsrd tendency of the cotton
market. He says good cotton was sold yesterday
for 8| cents. Immense piles of it are to be observed
upon the wharves. Very truly, VV. S.
Rochester.
[Correspondence of the Herald.]
Rochesteb, Jan 6, 1842.
Prominent Sketches of the Trial of Rev Mr. f 'an
Zamlt? Rcligioui and Moral StaU of Roclit.iter.
Mr. Editos?
After a protracted trial of four days, the Rev.
Mr. Van Zandt has been found guilty of seduction
and mulcted in damages to the amount of $3,125.
Nine tenths of the population of Rocbesicr concur
in this opinion; and, however much they may pity
his family, and sympathise with their distressed
feelings, few, very few indeed, have much to ex.
pend on him.
During the whole trial, he remained in Court,
and except when Judge Sampson was bringing
home to the minds of the jury the conviction of
his guilt, he evinced no emotion. The old gentleman
was replying to the elaborate argument of
Mark Sibley, that the whole was a conspiracy to
extort money from the defendant, and he Scattered
all the sophistry of his opponent tg the winds of
heaven. " A conspiracy aaid ^ie ' to extort money."
Gentlemen, can y??\i believe it? Examine
your own hcartf, and aec if the tale is possible,
probable, or human nature. Here is a young girt
not yet sixteen years old, so hardened in iniquity,
that she not only comes here and swear* to the
blacke?tfalschi>ods? commit* perjury of the deepest
die?rushes, as it weir, against the bo??ea of
God Almighty"* bnckler, and brings double damnation
on her head, by doing so against a married
man, and not only a married mao. but her own
clergyman?one ivhoie hand* had administered to
her the bread and wine, emblem* of the broken
body aad shed blood of Christ. Is such a thing
possible in an artless girl, of hitherto unimpeached
rhsracter?1 ask yon, if it is probable? is it human
nature? No, gsntlemen.it is not. If a young man,
a* they ail- ge, was the real fatherof the child, the
could not have stood in that witness box,and nndcrgotie,
with ut flinching or wavering, the severe
scrutiny o the defendant's counsel?hail she been
a conspirator of so atrocious a stamp, her guilt
must hare been made manifest. She could uot
have maintained her story. The searching intellect
of Mr Hibley would soon have unveiled the
dark plot with all its hideous springs, and exposed
ita horrid iniquity to the glare of day." Throughout
the Court, a suppressed conviction of the truth
of the oM man's words struggling for utterance;
and Van Zandt himself appeared te feel their power.
There were nervous twitching* about the
muscles of hi* aaouth, and he waa compelled to use
hi* handkerchief more than once. He must possets
an immenaity of passive courage. Guilty or
innoc nt, a man of enmmen nerve eould not have
at oat the investigation. Hit counsel made mighty
efforts for him. He had pre-engaged the heat talent
of this section of eoantry. bet the poverty
of the airla* family is sach, that they could not
lollow his example in this respect Although, pro
W YO
vhdv wm\TrsnAV
X \yilj\j n ijjyuuwiyixi j.
bably, not uo?t,e*sed of the eloquence of Sibley and
Gardiner, her lawyers showed great ability in conducting
the ca?e. Impelled by generous motives
and active benevolence, too much credit cannot
be giveu to Judges Sampson and Seldon for their
exertions in her behalf.
Mr. Van Zandt wa? a popular preacher. Possessed
of m pleasing address, and a shosvy kind of
eloquence, be attracted numbers to hear him ?
There was not much depth of thought, nor lofty
imagery in bis discourses, but they were flashy,
and to common minds to new hat striking. There
was more in his manner than in his matter. His
voice was musical?his delivery bland, and altofether
in the pulpit his tout mvm'jle was taking.
a social intercourse he was by ho means starched
or puritanical, but^free and easy?could take his
wine or glass of grog, and was therefore a great
favorite with the young men of his congregation.
Even now, this clu?s, for the most part, continue
his fast friends. I by no means wish to say or insinuate,
he went too far; not at all. I only mean
to convey the idea that he did Mot carry out the
fanatical nonsenee of the day, and because he was
a Parson, think that he must imitate Horace Grcely,
and eat bran bread and drink the coldest water.
He did not believe much in mortification, but
thought the good things of this life were made for
enjoyment, and in this he was right, lu stature
Mr. V. is a leviathian, and would have made a capital
grenadier, or heavy dragoon. Frank Granger
with bis " six feet and line proportions," is a child
to him. Now that his preaching is put an end to
forever, it is said he is about to study law under
the auspices of Judge Garuiner, the leading locofoco
ol the eighth district. As his powers of
speech are very considerable, 1 have no doubt he
will, in time, make a figure at the bar. Meantime
he will seek quietness and repose, in order to repent
in dust and ashes.
Some two or three years ago, the people of this
good city ef Rochester were distinguished for outward
niriv and strictness, even to srvrrit v. in their
religious duties. It was the hot-bed of revivals,
especially in the winter season, when folks hare
most spare tiane on their lia ids. Parties met to
pray but never to dance, and bills and theatres
were looked upon with holy horror. A change,
whether for good or evil, 1 will not pretend to say,
has come over "the spirit of our dreams." Mr.
Dean, late of Bulfalo, has erected a very respectable
theatre, and his exertions are handsomely sustained.
Even two years ago, when on a dying trip,
he could with difficulty procure a license for a few
weeks, now he has made our city his head quarters,
and caters nightly for ihe lovers of the drama
Ladies that were wont to frequent prayer meetings
now frequent the theatre, and unless brother
Knapp gives us another ministration, there is no
knowing what will become of us. I do not exactly
know whether all this indicates ths progress of
civilization or not, but one thing is certain, we assimilated
in spirit, the age of reund-hcadism and
fanaticism only a j ear or two back, and at present
we are vergiag to the other extreme. A revival,unless
in some out-of the-wav school district, is a
rare affair. We want a re-awakening. Dont think,
my dear sir, I write in levity; no, I speak in very
soberness; and if you know of any soul-searching
preacher, please send him on here, as we want him
much. If he dont come bsfore Spriug, he need not
come all, for then our good citizens begin to get
busy, making preparations for seed time and harvest.
Yours,
Censoriu*.
Superior Court.
Befare Judge Oakley.
Tuesday, Jan. 11.?John Walker v. Hamilton
H Jacknon ?This was an action relative 10 the ce
lebrated Log Cabin in Broadway, adjoining corner
of Prince, so much frequented previous to the Presidential
election. It appears that Mr. Walker
Caid some ?1500or ?1600|for erecting the " cabin,"
ut in August, 1810, finding it unprofitable, decided
to take it down This was opposed by defendant,
vho agreed if he would keep it up, and " not strike
the flig ' till after the November election, he would
?1TC DIDl J>|UW. Ants pilllllMI Uiu BO, UHl iVU.
Jackson refused to fulfil his part of the contract,
and action L brought. For the defence it wax contended
that the contract was illegal, at th- statute
provides that no candidate for office shall treat or
entertain persons during the election, &c. The
Court held that the statute did not apply to this
case, as the Log Cabin was intended lor a place at
which to hold public meetings, but not to give re
freshments gratis. The defendant is clear!] liable
under his contract, and the jury could to find. The
question of law would probably come before a full
court, arid if found to be incorrect, could be reversed.
The jury retired, and after u short absence
returned with a verdict in favor of the plaintiff.
For plaintiff, L. Benton and II. Koinaim*, Ksqrs.
For defendnat, N. B. Blunt, Esq.
Court of Oyer and Terminer.
Before Judge Kent and Aid. Pnrdy and Lee.
Trial of gorilla Potlinst,
For Arson is tiii First Deoree, is Setting
Fire to thi Horse No. 149 Leonard street,
on the SIGHT SI 29TII Oc t.
Jan 11th, 1842?The prisoner.a somewhat aged
married woman, thin and pale, was placed at the
bar?D. Bucklinand P J Jodchimssen, Esq*., appeared
as her counsel, and the District Attorney
lor the prosecution.
The District Attorney opened the case, in whieh
be stated that the questiou arises whether the
prisoner is guilty of arson in the first or third degree.
The Tatter is where a person sets fire with
a view to defraud an Insurance Company. The
husband of prisoner had an insurance for <?280 on
personal property, at the Etna office, aud did not
hare $25 worth in possession. The house 149
Leonard street was occupied by several families,
and on the 29th of October, the basement stairs
were discovered to be on fire, and all the inmates
were muck alarmed, except Pothast and his wife,
who did not appear. Finally some one knocked at
their door. They were up and ilrsssed, and seemed
to be in no way concerned. Why the husband was
not indicted instead of the wife will probably appear
on the trial.
?John Assler, sworn.?Resides at 119 Leonard
street, and has lived there four or five years. Is a
tailor by trade, and owns the house The prisoner
lived there since last May. It is a two-story
wooden house, near Centre street. There is it room
attached to the house, back, which prisoner lived
in. Witness made a complaint at the Police Office
next morning About half-past tin I wcut to bid
in one of the two lower roo ns. I went asleep but
was awoke by a cry of " Fire ! Fire I" and a man
knocked attheduor I got up as soon as possible,
>ut before I got my elothes on they had put the fire
iut. We found fire and combustibles had bcou
ilaccd under the stairs, whieh had been boarded
ip and kept as a place to keep things in Found a
)asket, with okum and rags in it, and a candlestick
which belonged to Pothast. The basket and clients
were partly burnt, hut the stain were act
nuch burnt. 1 went up to pothast'* room and
rnocked. but they would not open the doer. I saw
hrough the wind-.w he was up, and I saw fire
n the fi c-pl*Ce. 1 Went back to the basket and saw
IbMe of the rags that I knew belonged to Pothast
made 'hem open the* door, whicii the prisoner
n>ened and said she had bad ns fire in the room.
Potbast had been sick and confined to Itia b.-d f,.r
wo or three week*, but wa? up then and dressed.
I told prisoner I had found her candlestick under
he stairs, and some one had made the fire there.
She replied?411 did not make it." 1 wtut to where
:he fire was ?she runic down *oon hut with a candle
n a bottle,and said that wa* all the candlestick *he
tad. She said the candlestick did not belong to
ter.
CronM-fifimined? Does not own the hou?c?I did
tot understand the question. The hon?e belongs
:o Mr. Kellig Witness keeps the clothing store
n front. There were 7 families in the house.
Other witnesses were examined, w lio corroborated
the above. The fire was first discovered by
i man who slept in the garret and ha I been kept
iwake by the tooth-ache He smelt the smoke
ind cave an alarm. On coming down they found
;he stair* on lire and ?h- house filled with smoke,
rhe blaze was aboat 3 feet high from thesideon
which a board had been removed It a'so appeared
that loafers frequently went into the house, and
[hat the ttairs weru within a few feet of the front
loor
The testimony seemed u eak in respect to fastenng
the crime on the prisoner, and the case was
inhmitted to ihe jnrv without charge from the
[lonrt or summing up of Counsel. Without leaving
heir seat* they gave a verdict of not guilty, and
he prisoner was discharged.
State o? thi Kivnas ?At Pittsbnrg, on the Ith
nst , the Ohio River had five feet of water in the
ihannel. At Wheeling, on the 5th, there was seven
ret depth of water. At Cincinnati, on the 31, the
irer had fallen six feet in two daye, and continued
ogo down.
So leior .?Mr Otis Chsnin, of Hartford, aged I
bout 46, hong himself Friday afternoon. He was
silversmith, and formerly of Hampton, in thie
Kate?-V. VAisrn HrraU.
RE I
CORNING, JANUARY IS
Conic of Common Pit a?.
Before Judge Ulshoefler.
Tdudav, Jaw. 11 ?Joshua Thurston v. Joseph
Hunt ami Thomas Hell?Thi *? an action of replevin,
to recover the value of a piano forte which
had been let by plaint ill (who keets a piano lorte
manufacturer at No. 259 YYilliam-atreet,) to Mrs.
Pliebe Grilhn, at $5 a month?the said Mr*. Griffin
hiring it professedly that her *oti might learn to
play. The *on and mother, however, played a tune
that Mr. Thurston did not like, for they pledged
the instrument to Mr. Hunt, an auctioneer in Auu treet,
who advanced >75 on it. Mr H. sent it to
the auction store of Mr. Hell, where it was discovered
some months afterwards, but the defendants
refused to give it up. Application was then
made to Mr. Burr Wakeman, guardiau of the nod,
for pay, but he refund, although he admitied that
the young man would be entitled to $30,090 left
him by his grandfather, when he became o| age.?
Action of replevin .ras then instituted, but the instrument
bad been sold, and the defendants held to
annwer in its value. For the defence it was con
ivnuua mil ivir i unnuiu uuu buiu iur ptuuu iuiic
to Mri. Gritfin, pay to be made by instalments ;
but if even so, it appeared that neither instalment
nnr hire had been paid.?Verdict for plaintiff, #170.
For plaintiff, C. Nag'e, Esq. For defendants, Kdw.
Sandford, Esq. and Messrs. C ok and O'Brien.
Il'illium S. Jttvcrnu vs John l( Scott.?This
was an action for slander. The parties arc somewhat
celebrated. Mr. Deverna as a most excellent
carpenter for a theatre, and Mr. Scott us a performer.
Mr. D. also keeps a porter house at No.
470 Pearl street.
Mr. Chas R. Williams, last maker, deposed
that he was standing at the door of the plaintifT
between 11 and 12 o'clock on the 25th June last,
when the defendant came along accompanied by a
gentlemen arm in arm. Mr. Deverna and Mr.
Scott shook hands, when the former asked the latter
if he recollected borrowing #20 of him - Scott
replied that he recollected boriowing it and also
recollected paying it next morning in presence of
Mr Uobt. Dinnsford. Something more was said,
when Deverna exclaimed " 1 forgive yon the debt,
but am compelled tocall>ou a liar." Scott remarked
that he "would give him #20 if he would go
into a room with him " The plaintiff replied that
he was no fighting man, and besides, was a cripple,
having hurt his arm. Finally Scott called the
plaintifT a blackguard and a thiif, [For these
words action is brought.]
Gorman Scott called?The witness was a genteel
looking young man,but had had the misfortune
of receiving an ugly black eye. On being d
what trade he was, he said he had been a cabinetmaker.
Questisn?Yes, but what trade are you now 1
Answer?I am nephew ef Mr Scott.
Question?Nephew of Mr. Scott?is that your
trade 1
Answer?I am nephew and companion of Mr.
Scott.
Question?Well, ia that your trade?Is that all
you do 1
Answer?I take care of Mr. Scott's wardrobe.
Qnsstion?Oh ! Now we have it?You taku
care of Mr. Scott's wardrobe. Well, sir, what do
you know about this case.
The witness then stated that he was nassimr the
house of Mr. Deverna in company with Mr. Scott.
Mr. Scott and plaintiff recognised each other in a
friendly mannar?" How do you do, John"?"How
do you do, Bill," passed between them. They had
words as mentioned by last witness. On going
away DeTeraa called after Mr. Scott, who answered?'Oh!
yon say you are a cripple." The
other then said?"Oh, 1 hare my right arm still,
and will ehootgyou yet." Mr. Scott then called
him a blackguard, but did not mention the word
thief. The witness is positive of that.
Mr. Scolbs, in summing up, took an awful
squint at the witness' black eye, which he said,
was evidence of himnelf and friend being great conservators
of the public peace. In relation to this
action, ^he observed, in certain parts ol our
country, whore duelling is permitted, a man has
got to answer such expressions as those complained
of with his life?but here the appeal
is, as it should be, to a fair and imparainl tribunal.
After being out some time, thejary gave a verdict
in favor of plaintiil' lor $49 damages, and six cents
costs.
For plaintiff, H. II. Burloek and J U Scoles,
Esqrs. For defendant, A. D. Ilussell, Esq.
General Sessions.
Before the Recorder, Judges Lynch and Noah, and
Aldermen Timpsen and Jnnes.
Jonas 1). Phillips, Esq. appeared as acting
District Attorney.
Jan. 11th.? Trial for Manslaughter in the Third
Degree ?Christian Hertzhog, was tried on the
above charge,for causing tho death of Jerry Welsh,
or Owens, by car?le,?lv driving over him with a
cart on the evening of the 3rd of September last,
in Chatham street. The prosecution proved that
the prisoner was in company with another man in
a CuD on the evening above mentioned, in Chatham
street?that the horse was driven at the speed of
ten miles aa hour, and that the deceased in crossing
the street was run over and killed by the cart
in which prisoner was standing. Having failed to
show that Hertzhog was driving the cart at the
time, the jury returned a verdict of not guilty.
'Trial far Grand Larceny.?A black boy, named
Gesse Thomas, was tried and convicted of stealing
two eamblet wrappers nnd a cloth overcoat, valued
at $55, from Samuel Jones, of Murray liill in 37th
street, on the 21st ?f November last. It wan r>roved
mat ne onereu trie gooas tor saie, wnicc iu iim
arrest. The Jury found htm guilty and tho Court
sentenced hint to tiro years imprisonment in the
Slate Prison. Joseph C Hart, Esq. appeared as
Counsel for the prisoner.
Another.? John Pigret, a black boy, was tried
and connoted of stealing 100 stereotype plates?
" the Philosophy of marriage," from John M.
Moore, No 137 Franklin street, on the 19th of December
last. The Court sent him to the House of
Refuge. Allan \1. Snitfen, Esq. for prisoner.
Another ?A man named (ohn Dermsdy, formerly
one of (ho workmen on the New York and Erie
Railroad, was tried tor stealing #161 5f>, in sorereigns
from Thomas Smith, a contractor on said
r ad, on the 13th of last month. It was proved that
he admitted the theft at the time he was searched
by the officers who arrested him, and 17 of the
sovereigns were found on bis person sewed in the
waistband of his pantaloons. The jury returned a
v< rdict of guilty.)
Another.?Henry Gilirn in was tried for stealing
onc-lourtli of a ton of sterling iron from Mr. 11.
Townsend, on the 11th of December last It was
proved that he offered the iron for sale to John llacon,
junk shop keeper of Water street, where he
was at rested, and also that the iron was of a peculiar
quality and imported only by Mr Townsend.
The jury returned a verdict of guilty, and the
Court ccntcnced him to two years imprisonment in
tl.a stale prison.
Win. I). Craft, Esq., Counsel for prisoner.
Obtaining a Sote under Jnl*e prdtnet * ?John Sntll
was tried on an alleged charge of obtaining a note
from Goodrich & Frith, mahogany door makers of
No 212 Molt street, under fal-e pretences, on the
18 li day of February last, of tbe value of $2)40 14.
It was proved that the note was obtained without
any attempt to deceive, and the Court charged the
jury to that effect, and stated that it Goodrich k
Frith were in Court they should compel them to
pay tbe costs of coart for thus taxing the public
with the expense of suchatriul. The jury immediately
rctarned a verdict of not guilty.
The Court here adjourned to this morning at 11
o'clock.
Spiels! Sessions.
Before Judge Noah and Aldermen Timpson and
Innes.
J\x. II.?George Cisco, colored, for stealing BO
pounds of iron castings from William Browning,
uf No. !ti North Moore str.-et, was sent to the Penitentiary
for three months.
William Johnson for striking Catharine Burns
with a hickorr stick, cutting her head in a severe
manner, was sent to the House of Refuge. Jain s
I.own, black, for stealing an over co.,t worth $Ij
from J oh 11 Wise, also black, wa< sent to the Penitentiary
for t> mom lis John Manuel, a colored
man, fo'r attempt in* to pan-, a IraudiilcHt note of tb*
value of ,^2, to John Ditchell, iro.i remanded back Io
prvon for'i) f David Wallace, black, for
committing an aasaalt and battery en Dennis Pay ne
and sent to the Penitentiary f>r .ft day*. John
William* (or stealing a cloak from John liiggins,
era* ?ent back to prison for IK) days- Hernard bcureman
for stealing two $5 gold pieces and a five franc
piece from Carson Waggermin.and ?enttn the Penitentiary
for 31) days. B-njamin Reynold* for robbing
the money drawer of HenrySohrider.of fc.8 was sent
to the Penitent ary for tit months. L nnard Riley,
black, for s ealinga jmir of shoes from W.
Soger, was sent t? the Penitentiary for 39 days
The Comrt here adjourned to Friday next at 9^
o'clock.
Srstra*.?'i'* Distilleries, in the vicinity of
Daeville, Pa. It is better to make bread of the
grata t' ?n fire water.
IER A
I, 1842.
Circuit t'ouit.
Before Judee Ktnr
Jakuast 11.?National Bank t>*. llrnry J. Seaman,
tt. a/?The defendants, in ltS37, commenced tioinaeesasdry
good dealers, in Hanover njuare, the
store running through to Water street, under the
firm of Seaman, Norton &. Co. They started with
a ca*U capital of $40 O*>0 and bought goods to the
amount of $100,000, for which they gave their notes
at eight months, but failed before the notes became
i ? A __ -i r... d*. i-nu\ .t. i.wl
nut*. Amuoii innii wam our ioi ?tin> n iu
been discounted ut the National l>auk. Mr. Seuuiun
wasauthorited toseltle the concern, aud renewed
thjj note, in part, from time to tune, till in January,
ISM), it hud been reduced to &li(N) On becoming
due it wus protected, and the other partners contend
that Mr. Seaman was not authorised to use the name
of the firm in renewals. Action is therefore brought.
The case was ublv managed by Mr. Selden, lor
plaintiff, and Mr. Veati tor defendants. The Jury
gave u verdict tor plaintiff.
F\tc ok a Duelist.?Most of our readers will
remember that in April last a Mr. Allston, of Tullahassee,
challenged General Keed, of Florida.?
They fought, and the Gen. shot him Willis Allston,
a brother of the deceased, and the Gyicral
had a rencontre subsequently, and a seconu one,
when the former shot the latter, lie since went to
Texas.
Private letters received at New Orleans on the
1st, state that Allston has bad farther difficulties
there, which ended in his taking the life of another,
and in his own life being taken.
He arrived in the neighborhood of Brazoria
about the 10th ultimo; about six or eight rniius ,
from the town, in the woods, he met Dr. John Mc- ,
Neil Stewart; an altercation arose between them, ,
relative to a friend of Mr. Stewart, both being armed;
Allston drew his knife to stab hi but Stew- ,
art, perceiving his intention, fired three shots at ]
him with one of Colt's pistols, Allston, though se- ?
verely wounded, fired a ritle aud shot-gun at his
opponent, which instantly killed him. ^
A memorandum from Thomas F. McKenna, of j
(ialveston, on the back of one of the letters, states *
Ibat Allston was arrested, taken out, and shot by
the citizens of Brazoria. ,
Latest from Tixh.?We have received Gal- j
veston dates to the 28th alt, and Austin to thu 30th.
Congress was expected to adjourn about the mid- 1
die of January. I
A party of Indians had stolen several horses in r
the city of Austin?they were followed by a mount- 1
ed troop, but escaped to a swamp. 1
Oar correspondent at Galveston says?The re- 1
port of the capture of our Santa Fe expedition has <
produced great excitement throughout the coua- I
try. Many are anxions to get up an expedition
immediately and march to Mexico to rescue our f
citizens, if alive, and if not, to avenge their death. '
If the Mexicans have put to death one person of the
expedition, thcv may prepare themselves to see
Mexican blood flour for it. i
Emigrants continue to come in rapidly, both by 1
sea and land. A vessel from Cork (Ireland,) and i
one from Bangor, (Me ,) arrived here yesterday l
with a large number. j
The retrenchment law lately passed by the Con- t
gress, fixes the salaries as follows: the President's i
is fixed at $5,000; that of the Vice President at J
$1,000; Secretary of State $1,500; Secretary of ,
the Treasury $1,S00; and Secretary of War $1,500;
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
$1,500; Comptroller $1,000; and Auditor $1,000; t
Chief Justice of the Republic $1,500, and District
Judges the same. Members of Congress $3 per
day.
vVe find that the attention of the planters has
been turned to the cultivation of the sugar cane.
We learn that planters are also turning their attention
to the growing of wheat. In the upper
Trinity country several successful experiments
have been made in this way. A German, in Houston
county, sowed last January, three bushels and
harvested in May 68 bushels of good wheat.
There has been a dreadful steamboat accident.?
The Albert Gallatin, from Houston for Galveston,
burst one of her boilers, killing live persons and
wounding nine others. After the explosion she
took fire, which was with dilliculty kept under until
she sunk below her lower deck. Th? wounded
were taken on board the Dayton?tbeir wounds
dressed?and thi y were immediately brought to I
the city. The following are the safTerrrs:
K'lUa?Mr. Cherry, of Monroe Co., Ala ? deail?showed
no external mark of injury, anil supposed to have, been
killed from inhalinx steam ; Mr. llait, barkeeper, blown
overt oard and not tound ; Nero, a negro owned in Houston.
drowned ; A fireman and 2d steward, killi d.
(founded?Thus. Gibbons, of Somerset Co., Md., dangerously
scalded ; John Nelson, pilot, do do ; Thos. Carey,
firemen, do do ; Thos. Conner, of Galveston, slightly*;
John Noyes,deck hand, slightly, do; Jalin Carter,
cook, slightly do ; Capt. I.athani, brig Cuba, do do ; ('apt.
Whittlesey, schr 8. Ingram, do do ; M. Giraud, New Orleans,
do do.
City Intelligence. j
For Justice William Wilkv's Place.?The re- j
signation of Justice Wiley, as published exclusively (
iu the Herald yesterday morning, has brought threa
andidates into the field, either of whom would be
well gratified to fill th? vacancy. The names of the
gentlemen are Ulysses P. French, Edward I. Porter
and Allan M. Soiffen, Esqs , and the way the
members of the Common Council will ba bored for
their vote s, antil one of these candidates succeed,
will be a caution to those who believe in noncommittalism."
The fibbery, the trickery and
scheming for this place will subject more than one
person to sins to be answered for at either a civil or
a higher tribunal.
snvooen Away.?An old rogue named John Devoe,
forced an entrance into a house in Twelfth
street near Broadway oa Monday night, and being
heard hy the family, search was made for him,
wlun the gentleman was found closely stowed
away under a bed between the sacking bottom and
straw palliaster. lie had thus secreted himself in
order to rob the house, as was supposed, and was j
committed to prison. ?
Committed Suicide ?A man named Cornelius jj
temook, a victualler hy trade, aged about thirty i!
years, committed suicide on Monday afternoon, by \
laking laudanum lie had been laboring for a year
past, under a severe attack of consumption, and
from the circumstances attending the ca.-e, it ap- r
pears that he took litis means to terminate his days, '
in advance of the result of t i d.nease. He purchased
llie laudanum unknown to the family, and ).
on entering ilie house, told his mother as he was (.
taking it that he " had got a dose that would eithrr I
kill or cum him."' His sister suspecting that it was i
laudanum, knocked the cup containing it from his '
hand, and he immediately went out, purchaser! too J
ther dose, took it, and killed hinwlf. Verdict "| f
Coronet's jury accordingly. Drs. Benjamin Pruke, r
and James fyne wt re called in, but it w as loo late A
to save him. a
Deceased Babv?Yesterday morning a female b
still born infant was found in an alley adjoining the A
house of ill latne kept by Mis- Alillerat I.T3 ffeade r
Ti-- ? I - oromiceJ Hpfllf'fl il 11 ^
Bireci. im: prrsioor in n- i |>it........ - ?
knowledge of (lie subject, and the coroner's jury ^
were compelled to return a verdict "I death Irom
unknown causes.
P.uuiia Coi'trrtnrKiT Morir.-O# the evening
of the 7ih insi, a $3 counterfeit note of the Sufi ,1k 9
IS ink, lSvsion, was presented at the et< re of Ketsjaiinn
IVrrine, lor hi- examination, at two different >
times, on both of which he pronounced it a counter- 7i
felt, and the second time he marked it, so thai he
should remember it it returned In a short time '*
ofterwHrds a b v in the store of Trsdwell Walters,
came in with the same note, to ask Mr. Perrine'a j|
judgment as to its valus, when he returned w ith the ?
boy, and arrested u man, named Ketchum JSrusb, ,s
who had attctnpied to pars it in payment for a pair
of hoots Hrush stated, that lie had received the
money from a woman in Washington Market, *
where he says he. is a dealer in fish, poultry, Arc
lie w as fully commuted lor trial.
A>01 inn Stddeh Death.?Mr. Jarvis Stevens, m
formerly engaged as a driver oa the 1J irlein Kail C(
Hoad, lell dead in one of the cars yesterday while ( t
(Opposite ('anul street He had been sick far aoow , ,
tune past with a disease of the iiiae*, which ta t up- j
posed to have prodaced hia sudden death. Air pr
Stevens was a native of Mas-acbuaetta and aged
about 115 years. The verdict of Coroner's Jury was tJ|
given in ncrordanca with these facta
Peitv Thieves.?Patrick Kiley robbed Patrick re
Lee on Monday night, while the fatter was a little th
I odd ted, ol a srik handkerchief mid $1,30 in money ; m
lacked up. fjophia Mitchell, thus Miller, waa dr
caught yesterday, by officer Welch, with dry good* Hr
valued at gltt, the property of Thomas C* Highie, of ht
No. 23d 'irreawicb atreet. The goods were stolen rn
from the .store on tfce 3lit of last month ; locked up. m
LD.
Prtu Two Cents
MUtlilirnuf Crime In tkr clly of Actv lurk.
We are indebted to J. K Whiting, E*?i , our
11..#-;-. r J?ix
....V?V? MRU |*V|ru.?l 1'HVIiVi xmi.il/incj iwr (1 uupil"
cate copy of a report prepared by bira forth* Common
Council, exhibiting the date of crime in this
city during the p?*t twelve years?covering the
years ISO) to 1841, both incluiire. It occupies ten
closely til ed pages of foolscap, the greater poition
*>fwhich is mad* up of "rule and figure wcrk,"
and has evidently been compiled at the cost of much
labor, time and care. We have space for but aggregates?the
uiinutia being extremely diffusive,
and occupying the greater portion of the tables
Schedule A preteuti a full and particular statement
of the indictments, trials, recognizances to
answer, persons discharged, cases settled, and
complaints not acted upon, during each year and
each month in each year, in the Courts of Oyer and
Terminer and General Sessions of th* Peace. Hj
adding the number of indictments to the number of
discharges, and to these the number of complaints
returned, a fair average of the whole number of
complaints during the year can be had.
Schedule H (hows these additions.
Schedule C exhibits the whole number tried in
the Special Sessions.
Schedule D exhibits the whole number of trial*
in the Courts ol Oyer and Terminer and General
and Special Sessions.
Schedule E exhibits the whole number of Convictions
(in all the Courts) involving moral turpitude.
Schedule E exhibits the whole number of Convictions
in the General Sessions, and the particular
nature of the offence
V\ hile many suppose thut crime is on the increase
in a ratio greater than our increaae of population,
it is gratifying to find that the data furnished fully
lustaius the contrary.
It will be seen that the number of recognizances
to answer increased from 2,354 in 1830 to 3,790 in
1830, and that they decreased from 3,790 in IKJti to
?,179 in 1841.
The number of complaints not acted on by the
3raiid Jury in 1830 was 1,755; they increased to
1,412 in lH ifj; sire* when such casts have decrea
ied to 950 in 1841.
Our population in 1830 was 302,589. Conviction*
hen weie one for every 321?whilst our populnion
in 1840 was 312,852, the convictions were one
or every 345
It is to be observed (says Mr Whiting in hit
'eport) that the great increase of convictions in
1840?'41 are cases of petit larceny. The whole
lumber of < nnvictions in the General Sessions in
1830 was 2tit>, whilst in 1840 the convictions were
iui 239 The convictions in the Special Sessions
rom 1830 to 1S3W do not vary much They indented
from 3-19 in '39 to 52ti in '40, and swelled to
ibti in '41.
A.
Of schedule A, we are able to give but the aggregates
or the year, omitting the months.
Veurt. Indict- Trials. Rccoicni- Viseh'xd Stilted. Com
malts, sancrs to by (it and pints
answer. Jury. reln'd
830 872 33T 2384 355 148 1785
831 1000 634 25 56 S70 118 1930
832 740 43S 2620 271 141 2295
839 938 526 2887 301 114 2440
834 716 339 2988 230 72 2462
835 644 354 36b0 147 70 3001
836 670 302 3790 183 66 9412
837 Hill 387 3476 807 7 1 2996
838 767 400 3708 374 90 2790
839 1068 386 3367 503 149 2209
840 1059 480 2763 354 91 1238
841 871 466 2179 312 64 -.69
B.
Whole number of rateo in the General Sessions in
loch year;?
Years. Xo, of Cases. Years. Xo. of Cases.
1830 3022 1836 4265
1831 3866 1837 4004
1832 3270 1838 3921
1838 3586 18*9 5716
1834 3408 1840 2?6I
1836 3790 1841 2052
c,
Tbui.i in SrsciAL 8cssio.\>.
Ja. t~b Mi Jili My J'e J'uJlu Spl Uc X'r D'r Tut.
830 28 35 49 33 f.2 30 <7 S3 42 38 71 54 564
831 55 44 43 32 47 48 44 63 48 60 51 43 584
83-2 67 48 31 64 35 S3 21 36 66 79 47 78 l<6
83.1 53 39 37 63 36 38 77 45 91 66 49 79 6!N>
834 47 66 72 36 57 71 54 56 79 87 69 75 716
835 77 44 80 55 64 66 34 81 63 35 SO 33 660
836 48 51 44 38 87 41 40 64 37 80 34 47 573
837 60 33 >6 44 72 41 89 37 38 24 48 37 553
933 51 24 37 36 35 29 25 38 50 37 28 48 434
839 32 22 19 17 28 65 97 61 90 53 52 81 614
HIO 66 76 81 30 67 90 76 85 74 45 72 61 839
841 52 6 3 8 9 4 9 94 80 99 93 119 94 102 76 1004
D. E.
H'halr number iff Trials in Showmc the u hule nuuibe*
General Sesnuns utid of convictions far crimes in
Special Sessions. riliving moral luipiluJc.
i'ears. (1. Set. S. Ses Total. Years. (>'. Si. S. Ses. Total
1830 637 564 1101 1930 266 365 131
1931 621 594 1004 1831 351 313 (94
1932 436 616 10.42 1832 297 330 609
1833 526 668 1190 1833 270 339 Ik 03
1834 393 719 1112 1834 223 404 627
1835 364 650 1014 163". 218 390 ?U2
18.16 302 573 875 1836 240 541 M,
|8O7 38 7 65 3 940 1837 266 300 (.80
1938 401 434 835 1839 269 361 f.90
1839 386 614 1VOO 1839 220 349 5k9
1810 490 8a9 1309 1840 227 526 753
1941 463 1064 1472 1841 239 668 916
K.
CoftVIl flout. 1830 1831 1932 1933 1984 1635
Hinder, 1
trion (not capita1) I
Burglary, 39 21 56 15 36 26
VlaDslaughter, 4 2 3 3 1
'ornery, II 19 16 9 14 8
linuny, 5 1 2 2 1
tobber/, 18(431
Vssauli aii'l.Ii.ittfry,intent to kill, 5 6 2 3 3 1
Jrand Larceny, auil 2d offence. 71 89 90 93 52 79
retit Larceny, 145 89 99 105 74 66
fetil Larcrny,2d offrncc. 5 57 29 8 3 5
. .I > k 10 it i
ItecMiiuu itolongooaa, 7 b 4 S 6
; ?bl>y *oodi under f?l??P.rl 18 4 4 1
attempt to cou.init bclonic*, t
Kidnapping, . I
_nulty to animal*, , t a
Muuaucad. U 84 7 ' i
u. ill 71 l" ;* ??
\s8.mlt and Batt?r>5 14 16 4 b It *
MlVng Liquor without he?n*?, 5 i 7 |0 10
Vlwdeu.f mior, , i
tape. attempt to commit. g
leaking t'n?on, 3 l
VUrm'i'l to commit Arjoo, 1
.? ? Pomon, I
Jarobling Houat*. ,
,ibel. 5
, oimpirar.v. ... I 1
Ibaodonmmt of chilli.
r.ieuimgan Ab?rUTrrv 1
Idling anil ln?urmg Lt r> 1 *'* 1
riolatin* grave,
445 471 ?7? 485 .;<*
cjr "?"'I
Inrder. , ? ?
lr*on (notcapitu')i <5 2J M S4 ' ?
urglarV, 4 S i 4 ? ?
/laii?lnii?h.e', b j, n l? ?
'orgery, 3 4 S
ligatny. t 4 2 4 "
*?%}'?*? Battery, within- ? , I 5 ? ?
Jrand' Larceny, and 2d of- r s* 50
fee". 55 ?? H? - n. *
;ViltK?y.tlo?Mjce. ? i ? i 3 !
VSS'^y'v^ , .3 3 2 . ?
by false pref nccr 7 2 4 4 4 7
Vlt hi j?t to commit heloni I.
fidnapping, . . ou
'rutl'y toanimal*, 4
4ui?ancca, 3 s ' no
li.tfilerlV Hou e?, 75 70 80 34 104 110
lai-mlt and Bat'cry. U 41 I
ftV.? Liquor without Li- , i#
CeVM?? 3 3 4 4
liddr^etftor.
U|>r, ?tlcmpt Incomnill, 1 i 4
Irrftfcing Prison,
nftrj, .... 3 4
1Iinn|>t to commit A moit.
" 11 Pom'iu,
ihMiur Hourn,
ib?l. 4 .4
on*|iirttey. W
h*ii<l?tiinrDl of child, I
rm iirio* itu Abortion, 9
clllkf lltd lu?urii'9 Lottery
Ticket* 7 It 10
iolntint Or&re, ? ?? ? ? ?
Total. 34T 371 330 301 315 304
Court Ciilrmlir This Day.
CisrriT Cocst- No* .74. 7.1 HI. 6<1, 16. M, 37, 30, W
I. 90 103, 104. 104, 43, 14. 57. 66, 94, 90
Sin mo* Cni*T?No*. 10, 41, 30,89. 40, 44,49,50.39
S, 54, 55, .'.A, 57, 58, 30, 60, 61, 04, 63 61 65, 66, 67,
9, 71. 74, 73, 74.
Cor*T or 1 OMM1T Pi kai?No*. 49, 68, 60, 0!, 64 >4,
J, ?6, .110, 37, fll, 67, 60, 09, 70.
Fihf rr.AS St. Lodi*.?The dwelling lion* ef
3" Key Mr Lni?c\ Cnlkolic Priest. ( Cehokia,
*? burnt to Ihr groin d on ChriAtruu- morning ?
t. I Ami* Hi poller.
Liohtkd witii (id.-Cil/ of Toronto on lh?
S*h oil , for il e tirot time
The NEW YOR* aid Krik Kaiihoatj ASH TII?
r.w Yona van Aibasv K ah no\d ? l'he city
f-m:i to hnre at Mst taken th'*e roads inM
moderation; th? v are every where us'rmblmi!
1 discus* ihe subject, and devi? measure* ti?
noire the speedy completion of th '?e works' ?
here frfms to be but one opinion in regard to their
oving a profitable investment, and the udvautag's
ey arcare and procure for New York areaouiideable,
*0 eell evident, that they never have been
lemoned Another expression of public feeling in
gard 'o ihia matter we are glad to record,?that
e State should be no longer looked to for 'he
ean* to complete these work* hir citizens seem
tr-mnned to put their own shouldera to the wheel,
id it ia their glory, aa it is their right, to he fro*
nlrlers of the moat magmfieent aud useful K minds
in the United States, and which will and iriteasurdbly
to the prospenty of our city. Deeta.MEW YORK HERALD.
.\rw Y ork. WrdnroUf, .January 14. I >"-4.
Circulation of tin Herald.
Providence, Jan. 10, lvl'2.
JAMEi> GORDON Dennett, Est;?
1 would respectfully suggest to you the propriety
ol sending to this place a sufficient number oi copies
of your paper to supply the wants of customers, or it
such a course is now pursued, would recommend
that you give the sale of thereto some person more
dispo.-ed to accommodate the public lhau is rhe present
agent. I have tried for tnree or four tveek- to
buy copies of the Weekly Herald, and have not been
able. Ssmetimea lam told that th* copies u! the
Herald " have not yet come;" at otlnrs that they
*' are sold," \*o. Ve- father persons complain ua
much as myself. Can vou do any thing in the premises
?
Remarks.?We iliave had similar complaints
from Boston, Pmiadelphia and other cities. The
osly remedy is to sell Heralds in ?*very city to any
no (1lh#?r nl urifnld t h .1F phniidi'S to 1) 11V ? dlld tills We
shall do.
Tremendous Agitation?He peal of (he Bankrupt
L.n?-1ho Nubile Meetlngi
The pepu.'ar agitation on the Bankrupt Law lias
,ncrtased wiih?i geometrical force?perfectly appalling.
Two tremendous Public Meetings are already
preparing to be held?one by the Bankrupts?
ano'her by the Anti-Bankrupis. The former party
had a preliminary meeting yesterday, and agreed to
nt'-et at the Merchants'Exchange, in Wall street,
to morrow, at 2 o'clock. The anti bankrup's have
a', o called a meeting at the same tune and place.
U these meetings take place at the same time and
same locality, there will be a row?a concussion of
the elements?a sort o( civil war?the continence^
iii-nt of a thorough revolution. We advise both parties
to meet at different places, and ut dilFerent
times, so as to avoid physical collision, and thus preserve
the reputation of the city intact. Let every
thing be done decently and in order?present argum
nts?but no pistols. It is one of the most excitable
questions that ever came up in this couuUy?a
question between debtor and creditor?a question
between the solvent and insolvent?a question between
the iaws ot the dark ages and the benign
principles of the present?and care must be taken to
keep the public peace. We tremble for the peace
of New York, if both parties should meet on the
same ground. Let the Mayor, therelore, double his
police?call out the military?no very legal act?but
to prevent a civil war. We live inmost excitable
times.
In the meantime our splendid corps of reporters
arc ready to give an account of ihe proceedings of
boiii parties?and to see that justice be done to the
arguments of all?to the unfortunate bankrupts?to
the haughty capitalists?to the proud financiers?to
the great unvarnished rogues?to the character of
New York?to the reputation of Congress?and to
the credit of the present age. What is the cuuse of
all this 1 Society has thus been reduced to two hostile,
embittered camps, by the abuses of the banking
sy tent?and the unlimited issue of papet money by
dishonest men, and dishonest institutions. The first
thing that should be dono by both parties, is to tear
dowfl all the shinplaster institutions ; and to hang
up all the paper and shinplaster financiers?then go
to work cjuictly, settle their own affairs, and get a
discharge < ach
The Wall Street Moral War against Con.
grees?The First Broadside?Big Black
Mall.
The recent movements made by Congress, in relation
to the repeal of the Bankrupt Law, have produced
many singular movemen's n. 1 remarkable
development* in this quarter.
All thi* might have been expected, llat, perhaps,
one ol the mostt vraordtn iry developments that ever
appeared in any newspaper, or in any country, is
h deliberate, elaborate, precise, formal statement or
arraignment, or indictment (not a pork indictment)
which app? and in the " Courier A* Enquirer" of
yesterday. In that arraignment which is contained
in two consecutive articles, the " Courier" charges
that foreign agent-, or the agents of British creditors
in this country have accumulated a secret fund of
several millions of dollars, and actually bought and
paid for th?' p-nl of tie Bankrupt La v, by Congressmen,
at the rate ot'avote. (A capital
price, too). \nd in order to give more precision and
point to thi? angular?this most extraordinary und
monstrous charge?the " Conner" gives, in addiuou
to the charge, and immediately in connexion
with it the specific na lies ol the members of Congress
to wtjom it points as having received the money
paid by these foreign agents of Biitish creditors
out of the gen tu! fund, in order to change their
vet's, and thus to produce a repeal of the law.
lo order that we'may not be thought mis-stating
this matter, we subjoin some extracts fr >nt the
"Courier's'' articl- of yesterday in r Ution to it:?
Iler- is th" very fire: paragraph ay a sample of the
tone of the whole :
The B?i?Ri rr Law The r.-cent vote in the House
of Representa'ivi t, il one of the most alarming indications
of (A* maal iepiaity of thr hnu that has as yet
been brought to light.
This ia tolerably sweeping ; bi't here another
more so.
That the sane body of men should piss a law in July
to go into operation in February, and then repeal the
same before going in'o affect, anil before th People have
ha 1 time to judge ot its merits, is utterly incompatible
with honor'or honesty.
Il this as-srtioti be true, then are uli who change
th ;r vote- d! ;onwt men, in the opinion ol the
* Courier." Hut again
If this were anew Congress, fresh from the people,
there might ':>e it least the shadow of apology lar the
propoacd rcj? il, on the ground that thtie had b en a
change in public sentiment. Even brib ry and corniDtion
in such an event, might be screened by ths appearance
of yielding to public opinien.
Here is a ilir ( t char not only that bribery und
corruption fiu xtn -nployeJ, but also that inrxb
r< of Coiigr are so lotto shame that they
do i't even dts.re to ?;>/.< n- honest r.ut in case any
one doubts the dishonesty ol Congte , the " Courier"
settles that point thus : ?
Dut the spectacle now presented to the American puopie
and to the world, faoo r. 4t< m wg yam, offers no ra
lient angle wherein charity an t liberality may hang a
doubt with regard to Iht rridrmt o) o.irup' <m ispatpaVy
ytt-nirj to the inspection of th? public.
Thr above are a fair sample of ihe general outlines
of the charge- Now for the specifications. The
"Courier" after saying tiiat the opponents of the
bankrupts arc forei ;ners of immense wealth, and
h iv been made tob lievc by men in this country
Pi i' by pays-, s fro per ten/ on lite amount id the debts
due to them, th-y could buy /A? rtjtrrxl of the law,
adJs this direct charge:
Th n, il is no', tab wonT-red at, that afnnd of rnormous
magnitude has been collected a.id placed at the
disposal ol un crup ilous men, letrrmined upon success
in their unholy crussda. Principal* ?n l Agents, belli
Foreign and Vn< ticsn, are nniteil at one nun in this in
famous work.
"This infamous work !"?that is buying up inernbc
rs of Condtese : lor the ' Courier" adds
W,- knew that they relied for success solely upon
the use of money. and when it was publicly said that, if
Dl psmiy, * .iiri YUUIJ UP ji imin ?i -ii UII?- unit m i
thousand dollar* a piccu,we ill.I not think that a *uihCi<*ot
numbei of member* could be lound who would
dare to vote in January for the rej* :>l of a Law for the
ui ?s?ge of which thi y had voted in July, and thus leave
tho public to infer that their vote* had been purchase I
by gold. Wvdid not bclieTc we aay, that even th<
boaatel mm of one hundred thousand dollar* per vote,
would be *'ifflci-nt to Induce such a sacrifice of self?
tuch aoopen exhibition efcotrup'ion.
vVtU?if this be not n direct charge that all ihnve
who have c ianged the:r vote-' have hi n p>ii
9 100,000, then we don't know what a direct charge
Hut l.n n*d lately after the "Courier" dm hes
ti e natl th u ' ?
We know not, as yet, who the utou are that c ml t ti. <t
be p -rsusdod, bec?u*u we h iv? not had tune to o<> .?
the recent vote with th.)'. of las'. July. But satis.i 1 jwe
sr. , that millions ofH'dlars hsve beon plar . t o' t*-<di-po
1 of the Foreign Agent* in*thil country to 1 e, a
L
repeal o( the U uiki upt Law, an 1 that thia euoimuoa tun 1
vs ? intended to he applied to corrupt certain Members
wf Congress, we (ball take cap*rial oar* to place before
tin- People the names of ail who have changed their
votea aioce July.
This wan evidently written belore the arrivsl of
ille voir on inr iju~aiujii 111 una cujr; anu, uuTeiurr
in order to make the thing rery clear, "Col. Webb,
ol the regular army," as soon as the mail atrtvee,
publishes the names of the following members as hemp
the inen above pointed out, in immediate connexion
with this nu'nstrous charge. Here are the
names he gives, to which we add the sums he
charges them with receiving
Charlt-t Ci. Ferria.of New York, $100,000
Tho?. J. Campbell,of Tennessee, 100,000
R L Caruthers. ot Tennessee, 100,000
B. 8. Cowen, of Ohio, 100,000
J 11. Cravens, ol Indiana, 100,000
Garret Davis, of Kentucky, 100,ooo
A. K. Sellers, of Maryland, 100,000
C. H William*, of Tennessee, 100,000
A . Young, of Vermont, 100,000
$000,000
To this Mr. Webb adds "7V* entire delegation from
Kentucky Therefore, wejsuppose we must add
their names thus ?
KcttTurav Delegation.
Mr. Boyd, $100,000
Wm. O. Butler, 100,000
Mr. Green, 100,000
T. K. Marshall, 100,000
Mr. Owsley, 100,000
Mr. Pope. 100,000
Mr. Triplett, 100,000
Mr. L'uderwood, 100,000
J. B. Thompson, 100,000
$000 oco
900,000
Affgr*'?ate black mail, $1,800,000
Here, then, according to the " Courier's" arithmetic,
we have nearly two millions of this " vast fund;"
but there must, by the same parity of reasoning, be
a large balance in the hands of somebody. Perhaps
tkal'n ?,?. k.s n^rl Iw a1m...Lss.? TU?
vttai a i? dc uscu lit mc ocnair, auu uiocwurrc. a. nc
" Courier" closes wilh the following advice
What is the remed) ? " Aye, there'a the rub." We do
not believe that mei who have been bought at the rate
of " a hundred thousand dollars per rote," as it was the
boast of certain individuals that they could be, can be
easily driven from their purpose. All attempts to change
the action of the House of Representatives should be
abandoned. Let the members of that body consummate
their inlamous work; the day of reckoning will most assuredly
come, and the renegades who have been tampered
with, if such there be?will, beyond all question,
be placed in their true colors before the people, and their
names|held up to an infamy as notorious as thnt which
attachesto the memory of the traitor Arnold Let them
be left to their fate.
Awful?awful?indeed will that fate be, if the
" Courier" tells the truth ; and its advice is followed,
for it says:?
Let the/act#, in regard to the immense sums of money
collected liom foreigners to luy the repeal of the Bankrupt
Law, be all placed before the Senate; let committees be
appointed and agents selected, ?o trace t/ie ute of thin > normom
turn; let the pleas which members of the llousu
may make for their sudden change of opinion, be carefully
canvassed; let their past and present habits of living
be examined into; 1st their former and present associates
be ascertained; in short, as they are few in number
and have placed themselves in a position which is
prima facie evidence of haviug hern tampered with, Ut
every net anil movement of their licet sittfe July lent, be fully
traced and thoroughly canvatred.
This would doubtless lead to some funny discla
sures, if followed up closely?if every ? act ami
movement" of those eighteen Congressmen, (including
Tom Marshall and his nine associate delegates)
was fully traced and exhibited, since July last. Heaven
and earth, what an expose there would be! Hu*
would it show where all the money went to 1 We
doubt it. Put here is the close of the argument:?
The very idea of a grave and important lew being
passed in J uly, and repealed in January, by the same
Congress, without even the attempt to give a reason for
inc repeat, armies corruption such ns our worst enemies
have never dared to charge upon the country.
Can any thing be put in a more lawyer like manner,
in a stronger position 1 Yes. For Mr. Webb,
after inserting the above arraignment ol eighteen
members of Congress, as the first or leading article
of his paper, in order to do away with the doubts,
which many may have, as to whether CongTess did
receive the money or not, scatters all these distinctions
to the wind, with the following endorsement,
over his own hand and seal .?
We do believe that ?uch political bribery and political
corruption have been and arc at the bottom of this
disgraceful proceeding ; and we do not hfMtn'e to say,
that in our opinion, the member of Congress who could
be thus seduced from his duty to his country,to his own
conscience, and to his unfortunate fellow citizens, ? at
dishonest and dishonorable at ij hi had openly received a
bribe in dollars and cents.
This caps the climax. We expected to see some
horrible commotion or ourbrcak in Wall street about
this time, as soon as we saw the result of the late
m -vements in Congress in relation to the Bankrupt
Law ; but such a stupendous mine as this, we never
dreamt of seeing sprung, and that too immediately
under the tloors of Congress; why it is worse, ij
possible, than the celebrated mine laid by Guy
Fdwkes to blow up and blow to atoms the members
of parliament in England- We are so astounded
with the stupendous nature of this charge by the
"Courier" that we hardly know in what light to regard
it. It appears to us to be a new species?bat a
most magnificent species?of moral war breaking
out, as usual, in Wall street. But instead of simply
charging a daily newspaper with levying black mail
on an insignificant scale, we have the arraignment
of a Congress?rcpre.-enting 17,(XKJ,<n-,0 of
people,?on the awlul charge that they have
actually been legislating during the extra session
for the purpose of forcing or extorting from Hi i
<1.1 A Bankers, or European merchants, or stockholders,
or their agents in this country, or from
some one, a fund amounting to several millions,
to_be distributed oti a grand and liberal scale, according
to a systematic programme, among the
members of Congress, also much per vote, or per
man, or per capita, in order to induce those members
to vote for a repeal of the Bankrupt Law. This is
black mail of the blackest kiad.
All this, it must be recollected, is a distinct and
separate matter from the general feeling in relation to
the Bankrupt Law. The repeal of that measure?if
it is done?is a simple question, easily understoodBnt
this charge in the "Courier" is altogether a new
matter; opens up a new field of enquiry ; represents
Congress in a new and unheard of light. It represents
it as a Bandit's Cave, where the members are
like so many brigands, laying down their plans how
they can contrive to rob the world at large?and this
country in particular?on a grand scale. We wonder
how many caucuses were held before the price
of a vote as given by Webb??was decided
upon ! We suppose they commenced at $ 3000?
perhaps less?and increased alter the Treasury was
found to be empty.
But seriously ; this charge is one of the gravest
and most important that ever was brought by a news
pape r ui nuy vuc n ;.hmm a uniuf iaim OflVruiUiy,
since Ihe creation of the world. How irue or otherwise
it may be, we know not?have no means of
knowing. But this we do know, that ii such charge
appeared in any London or l'aris newspaper,the editor
ami proprietor would be had up before the llou?e
of Cwmnionsor the Chamber ot Deputies and made
1 to prove the truth of what he states, or be punished
accordingly. And we trust that Congress, if it hafl
any regard to its character?its reputation at heme
abroad?any regard for truth or morality?any regird
tor virtu- or honor?any re.;ar.l for the country
und th' in -11111(10118 ??t which it is the leading feature
?any regard lor nil that is de.ir to man, to huntuntty?will
instantly take the proper measures to ascertain
if titers be any truth at all in this charge They
owe it to themselves, anJ th honest portion of the
members owe it to their felio v countrymen, to take
this step, and that too immediately.
Thus is no vague and groundless arraignment
Here is a specific statement made out ; the list H
the names charged with being bought over is < .s en.
sibly givn, and ihe actual sum of money alleged to
have been r-ceived. Cungross is organized undei
the Constitution to give us pood luws, inculcate virtue
and sound morality. But if such are its act!
mid uses, we shall be b-ttrr without a Congress
I."iik at this matter in any light and it presents but
tw stroug points?two bold fi atuiea. The char./
t iiue, or if is not. in either case ait immediate at.
thorough investigation is necessary. If it be hi;I.
this be shown md pr<w d It it is tru-, (La
i.n we it U high time that this wan proved urn
-u o*n to the whole country.
\V- await the action of Congress ta th - ma"-i
w it 1 nnviety.
The War Against the Luiut?Brtaking up
of the Medlrul Cllqnea?The Freedom of
the Press.
The arguments of counsel before the Court of
Chancery in the case of the " Captain of the deck,"
versus the l.nncrl, will be heard this day or to-morrow.
We will give a full report of the extraordinary
proceedings the day aftsr.
This is one of the most interesting cases ever sub- ^
niitted to a legal tribunal in this country. A medi
cal journal is established on independent principles
designed to draw oet the struggling professional j
talent throughout this country, which is at present j
ground down to the dust by the insolent intolerance ^
of sordid, grasping, and tyrannical cliquta?it sets out
with a determination to bring the teachers in the ^
most prominent medic.il schools properly beiore the
bar of public opinion, in order that they may riceive ^
the due reward of their works, and accordingly it f
enters on a review of the labors of an individual '
who at present occupies a conspicuous position .
amongst the professional men of the country.? J
Immediately on its appearance, it gives evidence '
of its independent character, and is assailed with r
all the inherent virulence of a selfish, arrogant and
monopolizing cUqur, who, in their efl'orts to crush it, ^
trample on every principle of equity and overthrow
the foundations of a noble public institution. j
In the present case an amiable but overrated in- ^
dividual has been jaded on to a course which will ,
tally test the principle whether a public lecturer can
interdict the publication of a review of the discourses
which lie has sold to the public, because he is led !j
to believe that such publication will interfere with ,
his anticipated pecuniary profits in bookmaking.
The Express characterizes Dr. Houston as a ^
" liltrury baiuM," because be reports and publishes
the lectures of the " Captain of the deck," while this ^
very Plxpsess a few weeks ago made an elaborate
defence of its own conduct iu reporting and publishing
the lectures of Dr. Sparks. Whilst the Express
is perfectly justifiable in reporting public lectures, P
Dr. Houston should be "locked up in the Tambs,"
and is to be regarded us a " rascal" for doing the
very butne thing ! Consistency ! thou art a jewel!
But whence, we would ask, is this extreme (
nervousness?this frenzied alarm, exhibited by the
" Captaia of the deck," respecting the publication of "
a review of his lectures, which are now for the first
lime presented in a tangible form to the profession ^
and the wot Id 1 " The Captain of the deck" is little
versed,tobe sure,in the mystery of book-making,but "
the tnost intellect of any of the gentle- 1
men of " distiuguahed scholarship" about him,might
be able to see mat an analytical review 01 ine more- ^
said lectures on " the Operations of ^Surgery, with ^
feurgical and Pathological Anatomy" in a popular
Medical Journal, was the best advertisement in the ^
world for "the book." A man of such profound
philosophical and scientific attainments as the
"Captain of the deck" is universally supposed to '
possess, should desire, above all tilings, such an un- e(
nunciauon of the elaborate work which he might in- rt
tend presenting to the public. Before the publication
of his lectures in the London Lancet, Dr. Elliottson
was not worth a hundred guineas a year. In a year ^
or two after that publication, his professional income i'*
was ?10,#(i0 per annum. ct
The statements of the Courier respecting what it
designates the " disgusting exhibitions at the
surgical dinique" betray a beastly ignorance that is
almost iucridible. True, these surgical operations
are disgusting to the noa-professional eye, and any g
thing but agreeable to the surgeon himself, but are
they therefore to be abandoned?is the science c(,
which teaches their performance to be abandoned ! ^
I By the bye, our amusing, exciting, curious, tickling
history of the attempts te control the reports of ^
the dinique, arc yet to be given. nc
The Express describes Dr. Houston as "a foreign jn
adventurer,yet fresh upon our shores," a literary "ban- M
dit," " a rascal, who if in London would be lodging be
in New gate, and who is one of these men, who, be- dr
cause they could not commit their rascalities with- aa
out incarceration, have left London or Dublin for ce
their country's good, aud take up their incidence ?r
in New York." A "foreigner!" Who ever heard th
of such distinctions in science! Science it, of no wi
country, and her true follow ers and friends, wher- il
ever born, constitute a wide and diffusive brother- hi
hood, which no artificial boundaries of sea, or Bi
mountain, or river can ever separate. A " foreign- to
er !" Not a day passes in the course of which
the " Capta.n of the deck" dot s not boast that he S?
received hi? education in the very schools which cc
this " foreinn adventurer" has recentlv left. Who at.
were Hervey, Hunter, or Astley Cooper I Were sbr rn
Charles Bell lo arrive on our shores and commence 'h
lecturing or practising, he would be only a " foreign ci
adventurer." Pshaw!
All this opposition to the l.uncet, has, as usual in
such ca.-es, resulted preeminently in its favor. It is
now established as an independent journal. Orders
for it are daily pouring in from all quarters of the
Union. All the most distinguished and liberal lutdi- ^
cal practitioners in the city, approve of its course;
u-id the attacks of an interested clique have onlygiven
it a twelvemonth's start in the attainment
of public favor.
hi
Nor Si.v Exopoh?A man named Sylvester Fox
has just been caught in Rochester forging checks
tor small amounts in that place. Church and Ball (
were to have been the sutl'erers. Vox is " respecta- j
bly connected."
' w
Nl:w ThIAL to the ReV. Mh VaX ii.lndt.?Tile |(,
Rochester Post states that a motion for a new trial
is to be made by Mr. Van Z indt's counsel. We
should think he has had trial enough. (
" ir
The Mexican Schoolers. ?It is now staled that
the two schooners detained by the Coilecter, will be jj
repast d and permitted to sail for Vera Cruz. Certainly?who
objects I Let every thing be done at- p|
cording to law , and then build and sell as many vessels
to foreign governments as tiiey can pay ior in '
cash down. Give no credit. If Mexico, Texas, ^
Greece, Russia, or uny other country want vesse's l(
built here, let them do so according to law?it is ^
so much clear profit to the country.
New York Sacred Mmlc Society. ''
Nenkomm's splendid oratorio of David and t ioli- 11
ath was produced at the Taberracle last night to an
immense assemblage. There must have been two t<
thousand persons present. While we con?ider the e
mus e of this composition exceedingly beautiful, we 11
are unwilling to assert ili.it it even approaches Beet1
hnvpn'fl rrranil overturn nt f h- M,. lint nt I ll.v. ? I c.
Some pa??ages in this orntvrio art- truly sonlstirring, fi
r.nd at times we are carried away in a vertex of en- d
thufias-m by the sublime sounds which salute onr e
ears; but as a whole we cannot rail it a composi- a
tion of superlative excellence. The orchestral de- c
partment was very defective, and this, in a <wat a
measure, detracted Iroin the actual merits of
the oratorio. The instrumental performers
were very few; double, aye threble their
number would have been barely sufficient to give
effect to the music. The few there were, however,
did admirably. It could hardly have been otherwise
with lltll naleaderand Mr Keyser as first violin. In
relat;on to the choral department we do not teel at
liberty'to sneak- I' cone-ted of nmiiteurr, who
lent their an! in belialt of the society; otherw ise we
might sny that it did net come up to our ideas of
harmony At times it was singularly at fault, and
the grand hymn of the Shepherds was irretrieveubly
to-: by the discord occasioned in ttu counting time
Mr. Hrahain rang the music ns if it was wri'ti n
tor him; so the ease ntid confidence he manifested
I ni .in to his astounding powers, llis cadences n? 1
tiuv were extremely beautitul: indei d we Inst a':jh? '
, i the veteran, and thought it w tsihe rich, full vo r e I
oi youth wc were enjoy me. Hisaolo, "Oh, forthe
rescue ot my Hiher's land V* wa? given with great
t t lb ct, and nuiik u ep into the fee lings of h:s audieace.
I hi-? solo, w.,t| tTriumphal March of the
j ''f 'It**, we rou?ider th* gems of th* tOmpo-itton.
Ir< h rong und Mint I*. arson were very good in
th-ir reepective spheres-, n-ither of the vcifs,
t hoe' ver, were equal to their parts. The rest of the
I pi rformets acquitted themselves very well, and wc
nnoi but congratulate tins ^oc?ry at the Micce'
lick list night attended their cxerfu ns. We wish
r h'-m all tlr >-ncoiirag ment tlieit I.nWaW n- der- *
things so richly deserve .
a
POSTS (Tin P T.
ftj The mail, south of Washington, did not a?
ive here lest night.
Washington .
[Correspondence of the Herald ]
Washington, Jau 10, 1812.
The Ranlartipt Law-Mr. Clay's Position?
Kxtra Session and President Tyler? Correspondent
of the American?The Navy.
The extraordinary demonstration in the House of
Representatives' on Saturday, on the bankrupt law,
iu-1 piuuuuru j;rnrrui cousif million ailiuug lib
ri<*nd.s, and universal astonishment in the minds of
ill who were not in the secret of the movement
Hie act is without precedent in the history of our
;overnment, and if the design is consummated, the
English language will be searched in vain for adeluute
terms wherewith to express the scorn, the
ndignation, the contempt, with which every rightudging
man will view the inconsistency, the ca>rice,
the folly of the whig party in Congress. The
epealofthe bankrupt law will be most appropritely
followed by the repeal of the distribution law,
nd then the whigs in Congress may as well be buied,
for they will be dead for all useful or practical
urposes, thereaher. If they give up these two
iieasures, or either of them, for they are indissolu>ly
connected in their passage, they give upevery
hing. They abandon the whole ground, and stand
elf convicted of a degree of vacillation and corrupion
without a parallel in the history of legislation
The merits or demerits of the measures have nothng
to do with the question. No manifestation of
he popular will lias operated upon Congress in reition
to them. If they are inexpedient or wrong in
rinciple now, they will be no less so, when, after
nature deliberation and full discussion, they passed
oth houses. Neither reason nor reflection will
ave any thing to do with the repeal. If accomltshed,
it will be an act of passion or pique, utterly
ndefensible in every point of view.
Every sagacious man in the nation foresaw the
tiachiel which has resulted to the country from the
ncalled for, impolitic and absurd extra session.?
Aery sagacious man predicted the destruction
f the whig party as its inevitable consequence.?
ut no one supposed that at this early day, Mr.
'lay would rrpudialt, that is the dainty phrase now,
re action and policy of the extra session, and adlit
the necessity of undoing what was thenachievi.
This he has virtually done through his partiius
in the House. The movement against the bankipt
law cornea from him. No man knows better
tan Mr. Clay, that the distribution bill could not
mc ween carrieu mrougn uongress, except Dy conectiag
it with the bankrupt bill. They were linked
aether like the Siamese twins, and the late of one
upended upon that of the other. If the tie had
en severed, the death of both would have follow
1 as a matter of course. Let the bankrupt law be
pealed now, and the distribution bill shares the
ime fate, just ascertain as effect follows cause ?
here cannot be a doubt entertained on this point,
he thing is clear as the sun at noonday. And
:t Mr. Clay, with a thorough kuowledge el the
>nsequences, instigates their movement upon the
ankrupt Law, with a view to coerce the whig
;nators into a position of uncompromosing hostility
wards the administration of President Tyler. His
irpose is to have the repeal bill pass the House, and
en to hold it over the heads of such of the whig
mators as have manifested a disposition to fall in
ith the administration, and endeavor to settle the
irrency quesfioa. We shall see what success atnds
his sinister management. I
Whatever evil grow out of the extra-session, it j
ould be born in mind .that President Tyler is in j
i wise responsible lor it. He is guilty of all agency |
that piece of supreme and unspeakable folly.? t
r. Clay forced it upon the country against the
tier judgment of the whole party. Mr. Tyler was ,
cidedlv opposed to it, but lh? poor compliment of (
king hi* udvice'was never paid him. On bis ac- 4
s.-iou to the Presidency lie found the thing in pro- j
ess and could not arrest it. Neither the tax upon
e country, therefore, nor the^de molition of the i
big party, growing out of the factious violence of
r. Clay, and the absurd course of the party under
s dictation, is to be charged upon the President,
it this matter is too well understood by the people
need argument or illustration.
The course of a majority of the whigs in the
aate 011 the fiscal plan, is to be inferred from the
mediatory speech of Mr. Evans, of Maine,
id it is not improbable that the bill with some
edifications may be carried through, hut every
Lng is in the greatest slate of confusion and extement.
Tiiere has been attempts to procure the removal
Mr. Skinner, one ol the. Assistant Post Master
eneral?, on the allegation of franking violent partiin
papers. The movement was prompted by an
ipertinent clerk,who ought himselftu have been reeved
long ago, and who will probably get his
rserts if he lubricates further charges, agaiust his
iperiors.
The New York American is congratulating itself
i its precious bargain of a correspondent at this
ace, speaks of him as "free spoken, honest, un
u. i i ii? XT -Li- : r l: 1 I
iii.nu rtini irniicws . mn is iciiroiuii|4 anu
Rightful. " Free spoken" the man is, no doubt,
jbody more so. The veriest drab in Uiliiugngule
mid not scold more volubly, or ejaculate ridiculous
unders and absurd epithets with more freedom or
orse taste. " Unbought" he certainly is, but only
ecau.-e ihere was nobody to purchase, lie was a
>ng time in the market, but the administration
?uld not buy him up. He was hanging about (he
/hue House and the State Department, we underand,
almo.-t from the day of General Harrison's
laugurralion up to the opening of the present seeon,
imploring for office of any sort. Poor devil;
lis voracity was such that he grasped at every
line, from the mission to Bogota down to the pettiit
clerkship under the government, lie was backed
p by some members of Congress, but alas! his
tetensions were set aside, notwithstanding the
otent support he had secured, and now he is strain, j
igto avenge the slight by abusing President Tyler j
nd his administration. There is a vast deal of this '
>rt of unbought patriotism extant in these days, and
re whig press has put a considerable portion of it
t requisition.
The Supreme Court commenced its annual session
3-day. The entire bench was present, with the
xception of Judge Thompson, who is expecttd totorrow.
The Report of the Secretary of the Navy will
oon be the subject of discussion m Congress ; and,
rom the spirit of the times, it appears there is much
oubt concerning the issue. The Report itself has (
very where met the approbation of the people of I
11 parties, and classes ; but the speeches and '
asual remarks of politicians or demagogues who
re hound to indiscriminate retrenchment, intimate
u intention of thwarting the noble efforts of the
secretary, and of exposing us yet longer to the
aunting arrogance ol Great Britain. E Hurts have
iceu made and with great success, to spread a prrveri-ion
11 the Secretary's intention", to this eflect,
hut the immediate design is to increase the Navy
o half that ol Great Britain, at an annual expense
if twenty-five millions of dollar*. Certainly no one
vlio h.is rea l the Report, could so understand it.
le exprcs-ly says, after enumerating the souudest
rgumnts, in lavor ol increasing the Navy; "It
lieoc views be not altocether deception, the policy
i increasing our navy without further delay, is
tbvi?u:. Hate fur it shall be increased, the wisdom
>f Congress will decide." Aiiain he. says: " It is
etter to havp no navy at all, than to have less than
notinh. I am aware any great increase of out
?uval p: w r cannot be effected in nuy short time.
propose it only as the object at which our policy
mghc to aim, and toward the attainment of which
rout measures ought to be steadily directed A:i
innnal appropriation, a* liberal ai Mu intuit* oj tin
i'reumry trill nUotr; will, in a fttn years, aecom*l?s|l
all that is desirible. In his tables rf estimif??
Ik Secretary promises to carry out MlMtynificent
manry ?altl> >ugh b> ad loaned on the b?iom ol I
Ji-u,, reposing hi- soul on the soul of immortal I
love that throbbed in he m lator'i boaom?although I
he aaw the glories of the tianafiyuration when hea- I
ecu was let down wnh its atranre bewildering I
splendor, on the niountaiti'a top?although he lie- I
gered with wonder around the cross?and although I
he soared like an eagle into the apocalyptic hea- I
veus, and gazed in apjii* u,.t?n the Lamb on jtlouut I
Sion, and aaw the rast New Jerusalem lighted by I
no earthly bum, or moon walking in borrowed I
brightness?yet when he would describe or detine I
the eternal aud incoinprehensible Clod, in the lan- I
guage of men, he used an ait ribut only aa the beat I
description of an eaaeace?God it love, tie could I
no more. The attempt to bring iufiuity down to I
mortal comprehenaion is vain, and alwaya ends I
fruitlessly. except in the lesaons we thua learn of I
our own ignorance, impotence, and folly. The mya- I
tcrioua power in whom we live and mora and hard I
our being, can only be knowu through hia attri- I
butea, aud the communications of his spirit with I
ours. Yet if we tahe any single attribute, aud look I
at it with the design of lurestigating ita properties I
or comprehending its na* ure, we may tgpk our in- I
telleclual powers to their keenest action,aud carry I
them out to their nlmml limit iK? u?nlt ill ??? H
plan, with even a It*?* appropriation than is grant*- i
innu.ily to the war department. Every one wil
atliaif, that we should have a navy at least sulficien'
o protect our traders in all parts of the world, and
the 500 millions of American property afloat in
every see, and be also ready to prevent the landing
of any maritime force upon our shores. That we
were not 30 prepared, in the recent quest ions of
difficulty with Great Britain, when our shores were
daily liable to invasion, every owner of property on
the Atlantic coast was fearfully sensible. Shall we
still continue unprepared, until we learn the folly
of it by dear experience, and the enemy have again
destroyed onr capitoll Every day's advance in the
arts show how increasingly important navies have
become, for purposes of natural defence or offence.
The history of every modern nation shows that much
more has been accomplished by navies than by armies
Sinoe the grand Spanish Armada roused
England to naval enterprises, " chivalry liaa been
launched upon the seas," and there it ahould be
kept.
The United States is possessed of the moat extensive
and exposed coast, and tha most active, widespread
commerce of any nation in the world. We
should therefore have a navy equal at least to any
other power except Great Britain ; yet we know it
to be the shameful fact that not only Great Britain,
but France, liussia, Turkey, Egypt and even Halland,
each have navies in actual commission superior
or eqial to ours. Can it be said that we have
not proportionate resources to support a suitable
navy! With a thriving population of seventeen
millioua of people, an inexhaustible soil, a cheap
government, no standing army, and merely a nominal
debt of small amount, can it be presumed that
we cannot easily increase and improve our navy in
proportion to the demands of the times, and the
efforts of other nations 1 Is not our ntaratune and
coast property worth the little proportionate premium
of insurance which a suitable navy would cost 1
If not?if the people, through their representatives,
parsimoniously refuse to aid the navy Secretary in
securing safety for their property?then let it remain
as it is, a tempting bait for foreign aggressions. The
Secretary of the navy now asks for only twe or three
millions more than last year to accomplish all he
proposes for the present. Tbis sum is not to be
given to foreign countries for rail road iron, or
cloths,'or silks, but is to be returned to the people
for tea-stores, for beef, pork, flour, cotton and j
woollen cloths, canvass hemp,(timber,Arc.?to educate
the sons of sick and poor for an honorable pro- <
fessien, and to sustain and train up hundreds of honest
native tars.
TWBKTT-SKVBVTU CONGRESS.
Second Session.
The First Sermon of the Rev. J. Jf. Haffltt,
Chaplain to the House of Representatives.
On Sunday morning last, the Home of Representatives
was crowded at the usual hour for the commencement
of Uiviae Service, the rumour having
run through the city on the wings of the wind that
the eloquent and distinguished Chaplain to the
House of Representatives?Professor John Newland
Mattitt?had arrived by the Railroad cars on
Saturday evening from Baltimore, to enter upon
the duties of bis Chaplaincy. Many members of
both branches of Congress were present, and inhabitants
of the District generally, but the display of
ladies was very imposing. The number, however,
will doubtless be greatly increased on Sunday next,
all doubt having been removed of his arrival
The Rev. Gentleman entered the Hall encircled
in the ample folds of a rich blue cloak, and proceeded
to the Speaker's chair, where a temporary reading
desk was placed, where be knelt down for a
few minutes and was eviden'ly engaged in aeeret
prayer. He then commenced the service by fading
a chapter from some part of the New Testament,
after which h- made a prayer, but all this
part of the service was gone through in so low a
tone of voice that we could only hear an occasional
word, and therefore are unable to give the readers
?f the Herald his devout supplications. The devotienal
exercises being over, the Reverend Professor
took from his pocket a manuscript sermon,
which to avoid the possibility of even inelegance
ofdiction,he had doubtless been induced to prepare,
by an announcement that the Reporter for the HerahI
would be present to secure a full report for
the beuefit of mankind, but that intentioa was nearly
defeated by the too gentle accents in which
he commenced his address. His introductory remarks
were wholly lost, but it may suttice to say
that he was understood to express the minglad emotions
which be felt ou being placed so unexpectedly
in the prominent position ot Chaplain to the National
Legislature. He then read his text fmin
the 33rd verse of the 11th chapter of St. Paul's
Epistle to the Roman's :?
() the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and
knmoledge of G''d; how unsearchable are .His judgments,
and Ids torn* past finding out.
After craving the prayers of his christian friends
Tor the Divine aid in his arduous labors,he wa? understood
to say,?and if we li.ivc not done the liev.
Profe-sor strict justice, it must be attributed to the
difficulty* we found in heariug him?that these
words were the outbre .kings of a heart overpowered
with a'l ineffable view of the different
points in the character of God. The Apostle had
taken a survey of the economy of Grace, and bright
gleams of the divmu perfections broke through the
veil of tlesh upon his soul,as the sun bursts penetrate
the morning vapours la the commencement
of his theme the Apostle inquires. Hath Hod cast
away his people ? The answer comes back, God forbid.
Hut ail! his people have fallen?nud their (all
has been like the gush of ten thousand fountains of
life to the surrounding world. Yet,even now there
is hope, for the people of the Lord chosen of old ?
They shall be restored again. Recalled from ibeir ,
- A ... .'W ill m.l. .. .. -il*. : '
" 4"| - ? ? - " .?
of the Cherubim of Hope shall wave over them, (
and l ng forgotten joy* shall coiue bark to their
bosoms like youthful icmembrances : and the hiesscd
spirit of inspiration seals the irrevocable promise,
that, as the temporary casting away ot the
ancient people of lied, hud heeu the reconciling i
of the world, their reral should thrill Christen- <
dotn with moral * nsations not iti like lift from the 1
dead. Wonderful people ! Selected from the mass i
of mankind in tbore early year.', when the earth i
looked out like a virgin from herdiluvian baptism, I
and continued,to up the presnnttimv, win therin the i
sunshine of Almighty Love, or in the gloom of an i
overshadowing curse, a standing evidence of
the faiihfulne sand power of God.
W tnderful people ! whose ruin is balm to the
earth; whose reinstate ncnt will impart new vitality
to mind, as if life had descended upon the
pale dominions of death, and had overcome the
palsy and torpor of thegraie!
The Apostle for a moment contemplates the
grafted branches of the wild olive, standing in the '
original tree, only by laith. He points to the ie- i I
cent traces of the severe knife of judgment, which (
had for a srason, cnt olF the ancient branches, and
tenderly admonishes the nesphytic world, t.-?/>< not
high mindti, but jftar. The goodness and severity
of God and the Gentile world, were placed in the
opposite scales of a mighty balance; when one fell
the other rose; hut the glad time w.is predicted
that should w itness both ri ing by a reflex action
together; the lifting up of the one wonld be the elevation
ol the other. The Apoi le as the lover of
his own kindred, hails the promise that out of his
own beloved Xion, the Deliverer would come w ho
should turn away ungodliness from Jacoh. He
foresees th* time when a groat nation, on whoae
mind the moral darkness of unbelief had fallen,
should once again be called within the circle of I
salvation; he cric* out?aaJ so all Israel shall b? |
saved. The eye of inspiration hers dashes over j
the world, Jewish and Gentile all included, and .
finds that all alike, atone time or another, have !
been shut up in unbelief. And why T That the
ever blessed God might have mercy upon all. It |
. .i._ r?i... .. n.. n...A i .
is I lie i n i iii - s mo o"? m??viiiiS oaioio urn
salvation 'which clothes the Apostle's lips withthe
words of the tent ? Otkr ilepth of tlir ilfVt both of
the tri'dom an J knouledgi of do,I. limn nmtarchaMe
are hit judgmtn'*. and hm tray* paM finding oat.
In illustrating this fine passage we will contemplate
the Nature, the H'urk*, the Hard, and the
Juiigmtnt<i of th. (treat God.
1. First, his Nana and Esence, Oh the depth !
God is pavilioned in the clouds! At the very thrs stiold
ot the attempt to draw aside the cloudy drapery
that invests the character of Jehovah, wo are
arrestrd by a voice from the most Holy Place, sayins,
Hdtie.to shah than come but no further. What a
ast distance separates Ha from his throne! Caist
thou by searching fliul out liini ' Const thou find out
i if Almighty to pctfreturn.' It it u? high as I Iran n;
trh.it tua-d tJum do: deeper than lldt; what ran.d thou
know 'Jni mtaturt t'uieof it longer thanthe earth,
mid broader than the na 111a aame? l eiiov aii ?
startles us The Jews thought it too sacred to be
pronounced with base loitewal organs, and too
gnat 'j la c mi rchonded by <lu?t and ashes. 1
AM rilAl 1 AM, repels tlw ptoud enquirer into
th pature and essence of tiie Great God. Yet afar
oil o e roav conteiuplaie that w ader of wonders,
in a universe ol wonders, the nature of the sublime
Greater.
John, callel by way of eiomenc the dtrine, ?!
thfl'lg ' he ha 1 more than any one else, he> n c >n
'Vi wit' e -1 of the ve l.ng of divinity hi hit
be the same?it will end, on the one hand, in laying
our life low in the dust, and nn the other, in infinity.
Contemplate his wiadom, and we a hall find
it infinite ! Hie goodness, or bia pewer, or hia bolinesa,
or hia justice, and lo, infinity ie their measure
Naturetells of God?but pointa no weary wanderer
to the boaona of eternal lore Nature ia eh quent
in praise of the wiadmn and power of her creator?
yet none of her toic-i have ever apolten of hie resence.
The loud organ of the winda of heaven? the
deep-toned thunder?the rnuaie of the blue watere,
or the babbling breoka, leaping in white and playful
ripples over tbe shining pebbles, have neverarticulated
one word to indicate thair knowledge of
Hia nature, oifto initiate us into the myateriesef
Hia unrivalled perfections. The extent of oar intellectual
power-second only to those bright
spirits who bask forever in bin smiles?iatoo limited
to comprehend the exhauatlesa, because
unapproachable, subject of uncreated?undefined
Deity, He noet by me, eaya Job, and /
ire Him not. behold I ao forward and he it not
there : aiul backward,'bu! /; cannot perceive Him. The
poverty of human language as well as of thought
and conception should abase us iu the dust The
words we use to express the actions of the Divine
mind toward us, are but the puling expressions of
our limited nature. They all point to our ignorauce,
and are utterly iuadeqnate to express the
action of the unfathoincd founiain of intellect in its
mighty radiatious over the empire of mind. It we
wc say that the Lord is " grieved," " angry,"
"pleased," "provoked," " reponts" him clan
impending judgment?turns again and calls after
the moral wanderers who are scattered like
sheep over the mountains of sin and delu- ,
ion?can we for a moment felicitate ourselves
t"at our expre-s ons have done ius ce toourtlnd? I
No. No. i'he condescension of that GoJ it the
only reason why the red thunder bolt* are not oat
an the wiDgs of the storm to avenge the moral
wrong we do our creator ?very time we express
the motions of the inetiabla mind, as we clothe the
iction of our finite passions?cndeavoting to wrap
eternity in the drapury of time. The great scriptural
lesson which we woald learn on this part of
Bur subject is humility. Every preat view of God,
teaches this lesson. Abraham, I-aac, Jacob, Giieon,
Mansah, and other ancient saints whenever
they saw the covenant God, clothed in his angel
restment*,?s he walked the patriarchal earth, were
either overwhelmed with tear, or abased in tho
deepest huiuilition of soul. Mansah, after he had
seen the couateaance of God very terrible, cried
lut?We shall surely die, because see have teen
God. The Prophet Isaiah, exclaimed, after having
seen the Lord *st//ing|ufxm a throne, high and
if ted up ?IVo is me for I am undone, becaause I am
i man of unclean lips, and 1 dwell in the miosi of upeo
lie of unclean lips, for mine eyes have seen the King
he Lord of Hosts- And in the prophtt Daniel,
luring his exalted spiritual communing with his
naksr, there remained no strength; for, says he,
ny Jomliiwss was turned into convption, ana I reamed
no strength?a hand touched me ?I stood tremding
We learn a lesson from God hitaaelf in the
lispensationof the law from the Mount?one of the
vildest, grandest scenes of terror and majesty
hat ever astonished nature, opened on Sinai. An
iwfol crown of cloud surrounded the mountain,
oiling billow above billow, toward the heaven* ;
vbile, like a mighty brand in the centre, the mean*
ain was altogether in a flame. The hoarse and
leepening thunder, like a trumpet, long and exleedingly
terrible, blew the peal of terror, and
itartled Israel gathered around Its base. Did r
he King of Eternity then disrlose to man hi?,
iatare and his essence I No. Jehovah renaiaed
in his paviliou of thick darkness ?
lis Will blazed forth awfully, palpable/and disinct
in the perfer' law, and in the gleaming
ires that suwt their unearthly glare upan the sur- I
ounding hills?but Deity lay concealed. The
Ireadfni mandate was?(inye not up into the mount,
ir touch the border of it let not the priest and the ptoile
brink through, to come up unto the lAird, lest he
ireak forth upon them Even the inhabitants of
Heaven, whose spiritual nature has never been
ainted by sin or companionship with earth, and
inable to climb the heights or fathom the depths of
he great lirriiviTE, whose nature and essence,
nust ever ftmain, as in the beginning, incompreicnsiblc
and iuapproaehable. How then shall man,
i being hut of yesterday, a fallen star, aspire to
hat which the bright spirits <1 Paradise cannot
ctru : now uku mc uw niti 9 upcin c?na iuum upon
Jod and live, when angel and arch angel veil
heir faces under their wing* in his presence, over*
vhelmi-d by the inc-flalde effulgence! And if all
he harps and voices ol Heaven peal out the magliiieent
response?Hcly, Jl.ly, Holy, is the 1 x>rdL
God of Hosts; Ueaven au 1 l.arlh are full of Hit
(lory? \v hat should he the language of fallen man!
What th<* response of mortality and sin! To us
he Great Eternal set-in* to say, a* Jesus said to
Mary at the Sepulchre? Touch me not. But he of
food cheer. God hath withholden nothing that ia
tcccssary for us to know Although we are not ,
permitted to analyse His iufinate nature, we may
11 our terrene darkness feel ufter Him and love Him '
oo; an<l he is not far from every one of us By
aith, he may be known to the helievsr. By the
path of repentaace which lead* directly to Chriat,
u:J to the exercise of ? jiving faith upon Him, and
jy " prayer ardent" which " opens Ho.iv?in," we
nay approach so near the terrible, yet gracious
lied, who spoke on Sinai, that with Thomas, we
nay he constrained to exclaim in rapturous cer*
tainty, My Lord and my (,'<>(/.
11 ?Secondly, His works. Wcwha stand in the
midi-t of the woikuiat-ship of God, are also the
works of His hauds. The very power which we
have to analyze nature, explore her heights, and
depths, and distances?for all that is wonderful,
spirit-stirring, and sublime, we derive directly
from God. S\ e shoul i first, ih<-n, regard ourselves
#? creaiures s'anding in the I rout rank of his works,
at the head f nnnnmbt-rcd tribes of animate life.
Wc know and feel Cut we have a reasoning, immortal
soul?a blast ul the Divine breath?the "Divinity
that stirs within us." Yet this epitome of
tins "gnat first rau>e" understand.* not so much as
itself We know not what our spirit is. We
oiu'. timcs almost question i s origin?whether
from heaven, earth, or meu. We know- but Utile of
its substance, powers and facull.es. Where is thie
strange, busy principle, that actuates and informs
this wonderful piece of workmanship, so that it ca?
freely move ofitse f, and be sensible of pleasure *
and pain, honor and disgrace 1 Who can discover
the source ol hi* owe i leas, m- how, by reflection,
they are brought up by the mind into the result of
reason! W here begins it to c mpare, distinguish,
and eoucl'idul Who knows by wuat secret mechanism
the passions anil affections are moved, or
how all the notices of things past?the images of
sight or hearing?are traced upon the memory,
or take up their boditnent in the brain! Well
might David exclaim, " He (ire fearfully and
wontltrfuHy mule." In the arcana of nature the '
Sam-- d.fficutirs exist. We are c nfusi-d in (ae
multiplicity and endless variety of matter. And
although at time* the veil may be thrown aside,
and si me of the secret workings i f curative power
in the wonderful phenomena that alternately alarm,
astonish, and delight us, h.trome tangible: yet we
are lar from Comprehending even there. V'v e suppose
ourselves comp-tr-ut to the deveiopement of
canse* and effect*, w hen suddenly an unseen baud
throws dilficuliifv in our way ard a thick palpable
cloud settle* d?\vn upon the mind. Perplexed,
bewildered, and rnnlniitidcd, we sire up in despair
under 'be humiliating conviction, that we had
dared ton much, and I it how ver correct our conclusion*,
\if aiiip but in part and pmpUrrird only in
part. It Cannot he d' r.icd fl at a b- auty and fitness,
soothing ami enchatiti:-< to the finer perceptions
of our nature, arc npreu.l ovar nil the visible work*
of God. The eye of man i* delighted in roving
over the creaiiun, aid through the inlet* of-fhe
aenie |the mind drinks in the impressions o[ heautv
and grandeur which are visible wherever the
Creator hath rhnped matter i itoforni* of exquisite
Invelint ss and pi rfecti >n. Go out into thu fields,
around which the everlnsti g mountains have
drann their lino "f sentry and observation,
fringed with the forest drapery. I,ct your eye
take in the expanse of pain and mountain and
river, and sen the m'>a w'lite ca'arac1 leaping
from rock to rnck down I e l ie i f t ,e precipice,
dashed into feathery clouds of foam, as if the pure
element was lei down IVom a region higher than the
earth. Look abroad on a'l thia scene of ceaseless
echoing action, relievsti by quiet lo oks, in which
infant angels mi^ht lull their silken eicliJi to
sleep, and scy, if an eloquence do#? not plead in
your bosom for the ere stof ef this wondrous diveraided
picture. AtccuJ that aky-pointiug peak,
which divides the storm ?h u 1 a- it marches on to
i! waery de!i; ej no in op?m at reck look fnr
. ,vn wbro the r, lii'.i ?tiric aihss'j n
I Ilow that scarce a murmur oi their turiuoil reaches
the elevated summit; look upward to that Heaven
which grows deeper and darker the higher you ascend
into its untrodden altitudes ; look f<r into the
verdant rale as the sun sinks in the West, and a
dusky repose res's brooding in pesire satisfaction
orer the fleecy herds that await the night upon
the green couches ? listen to the dying echoes of
day like distant music, far off; but oh, how sweet
breathe the aroina of the flowers?listen to the perpetual
cry of the waterfall, or the atornsy roiee of
the ocean, and gaze upon its breast,
Deep hearing, boundless, endless, and sublime?_
The image of eternity?the throne
Of the invisible?
and any if in all thou dost hear, and and feel,
there is not n p-rp-tual reference to nature's God.
But what a liod l?? li ' ailU now ll? wurm? uis wri.uder*
! and by what inimitable wlcill he ban wrought
and sustains the play of hi* handy work. Nature
ha* no tongue to tell! Aid they who ?tudy the
volume or nature to learn the moral attribute! aud
character ef the creator, ahall roll over her splen
did leaves in rain. The work* of God in the dispeuiation*
of Hia Providence, are equally obscure
to the eye of tnau. Many circumatance*
would lead us to the conclusion that a Being of
infinite mercy is at the helm ; but again thi*
aent'inent darken* when the sever *t inflictions
' fall upon those who have made the everlasting arm
their streng'h Hi* sun rises and shines?His tains
condense and fall alike upon the evil and the good
The sparrow may, ns well as man, claim the notice
and proteetion of the same Heavenly Father.
The lights and shadows in the Providence of God
are mingled, and we see only their effects upon
aaen at individuals or communities. The broad
outlines of Hie Providential interference are
barely defined; the filling ap is unintelligible
to us. From the obscure individual whose spau
of time is fretted to an inch, and whose existence
is scarcely distinguishable in the scale of being,
to that of a mighty empire pressing the aarth with
its bulk, the Providence of God isalike pervading
in its influences; yet eo complicated and unseen are
the hidings of bis power and the achievements of
his own right arm, that we know nothing surely
till the fate of either is decided. Gloom and glory,
joy and sorrow, death, disease, and misery,
or health, happiness and peace, alternately pate
over the face of the earth, leaving their bright
lines, or dark shadows I'ishiud to indicate that God
has been there.
His works of Mercy and Love are yet more extraoadinary,
exciting our wonder and commanding
our admiration. Rut they are equally inexplicable,
as all His other works. We see before us a
religion contrary to the very nature of man, opposed
to his prejudice, and guarded by the most
sacred sanctions that thunder condemnation and
woe, temporal and eterual against the sinner ;
bearing deeply impriuted upon all its features, a
purity at war with the baser passions of the soul
I ?inflexible, unbending, uncompromising?just
such a religion as would be deemed the last to
please the lust or flatter the pride of roan, yet
making itself felt in tke world by ihe shear energy
and power of its truthfulness and simplicity;
a religion that triumphs over every obstacle, and
that changes its bitterest foes into its warmest
friends?selecting th basest materials for its
brightest pillars and most illustrious champions.
We see this religion calling auxiliaries from all
quarters of the earth and from every point of the
Heavens, elothing the weakest instruments with
omnipotence, and by the spirituality of its doctrines
subduing the nations to its mild sceptre, and erecting
its broad standard upon the outer wall of the
citadel of the world's glory. Iu a woid, we see
the goings forth of the Eternal Majeaty in the moral
grandeur with which he invests his purposes and
his w_y* ob t' e thea're of time, aud there wonder
tni etl -ets upon tne destinies 01 men ana nations?
but the hand that holds the helm, and direct* their
complicated movements is invisible. How should
all this lead us to humility, and a child-like trust
in God, who exalts his mercy above all his
works?who pives wisdom to the simple and
open his secre.ts to those that fear Him 1
III.?His Word. In the pages of inspiration we
have higher manifestations of the most excellent
f l*ry. A* a transcript of the mind and will of God,
it transcends every other medium through which
he has condescended t? reveal himself to man.
Here we sea, in broad and beautiful outline, the
brightness of His glory, and the express image of
His person :
Here the whole Deity is known,
Nor dares a cieatu; e guess.
Which of the glows brightest shone,
The justice or the g race.
His attributes and perfections are wonderfully displayed
in His word. They come down to us illu*
minuted by the rays of benignity and leve, and we
bow down before them overwhelmed with their
amazing grandenr and severe beauty. The likeness
to the great original is striking, but still itonly
-dimly reveals the Godhead. We hearuot the voice
which spokv a world from nought. We see but the
shadowings forth of that inyaterioug nature that
dwells between Jib a cherubim; a fuller aud clearer
manifestation could not have been ma le consistently
with the designs of heaven and the plaee man
occupies in the scale of being A brighter and
broader revelation wc could not bear; our finite
nature would sink nndcr it and die with excess of
light. But His word is brought down to our naked
conception, and softened into the clcraeutary principles
that are to forn and guide us up to a life more
suited to our intelligent nature and noble origin
Even thus lovcred down, how wondrous fair
are its mighty creations?its vast purposes?
its godlike qualities?its surpassing beauty!?
How deep' llow fathomless! tlow high!
beyond ail human thought. It is Aig/t an H <i
ven?what can we know? It in deeper than Hell?
what can joe do? How difficult to comprehend!
Jesus tells us God no loved the worlil He docs not
tell us the nature and extern of that Love! The
attributes of fl sh cou.d not comprehend the height
and depth, th - leng h and breadth of that
Love which Him inclined
To bl ed and die fur us.
All Holy Scripture w*-. w ritten for our learning
and instruction m righteousness, yet how often do
the inspired writers setui to labor iu communicating
thoughts, wuich angels cannot comprehend!
For they (iesirc to look into th se things, and are
not able. And are there not many parts of
Ibe revealed world, even the mmt simple
and mat nr.11 which are only seen through
glass durkiy'1 Human learning fails when
applied t > the investigalion of subjects which
the unlettered peasant by faith apprehends
and appreciates. bvea tne day-spring from
. on high shines in daikncss that comprehend?th
it not. The Gospel is but as darkness to the
mere rational believer. Its quaint phrases, cornf
plicated prophecies, and many mysteries present
Inseparable difficulties to ihe enquiring taiiud unhumbled
by repentance and prayer. Trinity in
unity! Two natures in one person?a child who
existed before all worlds, and (hat person sulTcriug
death who only bath immortality and life ! All
these are to reason inere riddles?they are the perplexed
oracles of this world, and though uttered
by truth itself, yet sincerely believed by none hut
the regenerate soul. The question of the Jewish
ruler, Ho\r cm tiu.tr Ihiigthtf remains unanswered
to this day. To attempt an evpUnat on of these
things is not t e province of ihc pulpit nor of
I the press?words of man's mention, similitudes
drawn from nature, the subtle distinctions of the
tch ioI(, the powers of rhet ric, when employed iu
the service of the sanctuary, but seldom profit the
, ?oui. II11 m111. y is the butler part of reason.
Where reason begins religion nds ; and where religion
ends reaso.iiug begins. God never reasons.
Tne llible does n t reason Its language is, Timi
taili 11* Lard' Dr. Mison remarked o! a learned
discourse that was pronounced iu his hearing, on
being asked what he thought of it?" It is very
good, it is v ry well written, and eloquently pronounced,
but it wanted to b? baptized in the name
| of the Father and of the S in, and of the Holy
Ghost;" an 1 even then it i noi the better way to
I s darken wist! in by wi rds without knowledge. ItsL.
aides there are m i iy ravsaled i-u ij-cts th.it are l>c['?
yond our ken, an' t. ,i v.. cm never understand
I while allied to flesh nil blood. There they aru?
N the objects of firth only, to be c nfideutly relied
* apon, as truths, l>u not .o bo approached?the hand
nest net be strelc ti d forth 10 unveil v. hat God has
esvered fram the prj ing eyes c.f the vain, the rude,
ar.l the unhelievi -. i :. apostle's linguage confirm
the sentim ut we are endeavouring to elaborat
? Brirarr, le?t ?ny intii iptri! you through a rain
phi 'tphy. The w rd i., notwithstanding, when
p iched in its purity and simplic ty, wonderful in
p rming that for wli - n it w s sent I5ut in prop
ion as it is refined down to the notions of the
in. sopher, or made t<? sp. *k uny other language
D .s own, it loses its excellence aad power, and
I (o halm of Gllead, when c, rub ted with any
fm in mixture, cease.-. t? perlorm the work of
ev. j zing the world, it we sit a own in aright
f "f mind to rend, <r licar the word, it will
a 'h it* wi-dom abundantly . Hut if weennae
l. i in: and thirsting, rathrr to satisfy eiir enri'
'>>m to obtain rightrouMf*i, not n drop <.f
it milk will it nlio.d. II we would then
k * and feel the word, l?t u? wrar to
it i . client, lowly, and.b.di ul Ucart, empti
T > i-.' pride, and all eartuly mindedaeM, and
* i toe mould of the goapcl, toe holy pin'
i!i t tusump ita nature upo i the snftl, and
. ui ill the treaaurea of Ilia grace.
1 V?, it \ f' |y -;nd lastly?Hi* iwlgwrvt*'. how
uu . 'c ahlean his judgmental Tha P?almi*t aaya
t'l %'rVir . i ihep. \n man, Says Solomon,
c - thut God makiUt j iom Ute tollin;;
|<'te en.l
H (gin in'*! They are the eutgoin'.* of II *
j gI i -ihey npoort IIu throne and make the law
n-- ibl lh? i . I,,ni nta! They are t'i terri
h' tit r of ;V They obey Hi* mfec,
^ ill : 1 " i arth.JJnatiae and j id .
j m :tr t'..,i i hich the govern-, nt '
1^?.
urod rest*; tuey show us that Hi* government is not
in the b.mds of folly; that i s complicated ami wonJetful
machinery is not left <o mere chance. The
judgmcat* of the Lord are wonderful. They are
the fiery preachers called up from the rasty deep
or from the lotcj uome of tbe iiumiimDie ikv
?they wield the t.vo edged sword of Divine
wrath, that sweep* like a comet over the ronnj
earth. How fearlul ! How unsearchable ! The
earth kai sinned The voice of blood is in the ears
of Heaven? it* pleadings are before the throne ?
The time has arrived when the patience of Jehovah
is worn out, and In ! the bosom ofdestiuction
sweeps over the abodes ef men. The ruin enters
the lairs of the beas's of the forest, and invades tbe
eyries of the winded inhabitants of thnair. Once
has the deep sea been the instrument of Almighty
anger. Its surges trod upon the Alpine rocks ami
rose higher still uutil the refluent waves rolled
over the earth's convexity without a ripple and
the orb swung on its pendulum through Heaven for
many a day and night, startling the inhabitants
rf other worlds with the strange and fearful
reflection from its rounded glassy surface^ Since
that fearful era the five cities of the plain were
consumed by the avenging element of nre, and the
waves of the dead sea bubbled up amid the buzzing
cabers of ruined wealth and pompt, to hide for
ever from mertal eye the remains of idolatrous
splendor beneath its bitter waters. And vet again,
as city after city rose upon the map of earths doings,
and ruled through its day of glory, until wealth
snd pride had increased to such an enormous bulk
that the pure heavens could no longer tolerate the
moral nuisance.
See the clouds suddenly gather a frown, as if the
hear: of benevolence was curdling with horror-Sec
the course of things tunning to riot?haiuan wisdom
failing?human power becoming impotent.
See the adjacent hills gleaming with foreign standards?and
hear the agonized cry of millions within
the walls,nn whom hunger,thirst,discord and fearlul
pestilence, were fastening their deadly terrors.?
The force of man when arrayed on the side of judg
meat becom-s almost omnipotent. Those Heaven
defying walls are razed, and the slimy, sluggish
waters of the bitumnus plain creep oyer the site of
buried grandeur? -until the grave antiquarian
wastes a life in research for the spot where the
millions, and the kings, and the warriors of elden
time thundered in their greatness and power.?
Such were Babylon and Ninevah; such were Tyre
and S don Such were hundred gated Shebes, and
the wild Perset.olis of the desert. Mederu Rome
staads upoa the temb of Rome that was. And
Athens, the severe Grecian copy by which ancient
letters and art moulded their forms of undying
symmetry, is but a mountain precipice of
rocks straagly mingled with the chiselled fragments
of domes that ^live forever in history.?
Wherever we look?if to the lovely, queenly
Jerusalem, or to the nameless ruins ol cities
in South Am*rim * if to the ruins in Central
Africa, or the rubbish that disclosed where Carthage
was; if to the ruined Egrpt, or the relics of
Asia, as she once was the mistress of the world,
and spread her magnificent cities on a thousand
plains?we shall see that a heavy curse mitoses
upon all the graves of Empires. The world we
tread upon is a wide grave. Every rod of its
earth hath entombed a human skeleton, aad the
deep sea is building coral monumeuts to the dead,
which sleep so soundly beneath the dim of her ever
dashing waters. Has there been no cursed No
judgment! Speak the graves of millions! Rattle
ye bones of mighty armies, over whose dust the
chariot of a thousand years hath rolled. Testify ye
moss grown relies of other ages, that now gradually
mix with the soil of Europe. Ye will all point to
the terrible hand of judgment, which has again,
again, and still again, spoken awfully destruction to
the sons of pride?whose eyes glazed, limb-stiffened,
and breath departed, under its sepulchral warnings.
Shall we enquire into the manner in which
these multiplied and horrible judgments have been
brought upon mankind in every age of the world 1
We can give no answer. God will not be accountable
to men, but workcth all things according to
tee council of his own will. If we ask for the time
when the bolt of the judgment shall fall?the times
and the seasons belong to him The Holy One of
Israel may not be limittcd. His work goes on even
when we think it stands still, and advances when
to our senses it seems to retrogade. Though
it tarry, it will surely come. God will sustain
his government, and though, for purposes
unknown to ns, he may se-m to stay his
hand, and he regardless of the doings ol earth for a
season, he will most assuredly assert his rights,
when, how, and where scemeth unto him best. His
judgments are ever abroad on the earth, working
the will of heaven upon man and doing the Almighty's
bidding in ways as countless as the motes
that swim in the golden sunbeams.
The adaptation of the judgment# of God are to
every son and daughter of our race upon whom
rests the pressure of accountability. If upon ose
man the .-in les af worldly prosperity descend, and
his treasure houses overflow with golden abundance,
it is not certain that every wind of heaven
which wafta hiin wealth from the| different
climesjof earth, may not be a blast of winged
judgment. The richas in which he glories are ruining
his sou!, and after a lew fleeting days the beggar
of eternity will look back.upon the moments of hit
earthly prosperity, as the most dreadful era of his
judgment blighted life. Riches and honors, no
doubt come oftener as the retributive awards of
long-slighted means and days of grace^thunas the
seals of heavenly approbation. Oh! shocking fate.
To have death end the fortune of this world, and
that which is t-> come! One blow wrecks the panip
-red mariner, whose shin well stored with earthly
good, carries 110 gospel ballast to steady the frail
bark over flit- seas, which heave and rear between
thi* ntirl thr> hrtfpr lutiH
God will use what instruments he pleases to effect
the purposes of judgment- The death of a friend
is tne judgment which wrecks one forever for
t?o worlds; the birth of an infant seals another
sinner over to the world of woe. Love
takes possession of one, and drives him into
the idolatry and cries* of passion?hatred
fills another mind with deadly poison, that, like
inottcn lead, gnaws its way into the quiek of the
soul; terror, and fear, and doubt, drive another to
desperation, and he leaps, a startled, frighted maniac,
into the realms where hope never comes;
pleasure and noisy mirth are the tremendons judgments
that roll in crackling emptiness over others
?tbey laugh and laugh?but oh! there is an awful
sound that mingles with the shout, more sorrowful
than the groan of him who mourns the loss of a
bosom companion. The laughter of fools is bn' the
crackling of the thorns in tne firep of judgment.
Hut oh! what strange being is that 1 see staggering
uuder a tenfold weight ot judgment! What
has he done that he rolls under such an agonizing
load, that the very beasts groan out as lie
passes?and the good angels who patrol the earth,
hide their faces from him under their wings!
What has lie done, that every silver star, looking
sweetly and kindly from the blue depths of ether,
reproach him!?that the beauteous flowers ef spring
contradict him!?and the voice of every bird of
spring ti lls a di fferent story from this 1 Is he aot
one whom the gre t and wild sea wars against as the
madman of the universe 1 What has he done!
What is his name! He has long resisted every
gracious motion of the blessed spirit within him,
which gently whispered him to come to Jesus ; he
has added insult t? insult to the Divinity above,
and given the reins to the appetites of his nature,
until the heaviest judgments are ready to break
upon his soul thev follow him like a shadow. His
name is Infidel. 1 sec him the astonishment and
wonder of every intelligence that has power to loak
upon the heart of man. He is so infatuated, that
while his poor soul staggers under the fierce
and withering sirrocco of that spirit which
riots in his bosom, he fondly dreams that he
is free?that he lias broken away from the slavish
fetters of education, and dashed from him the bigotry
of olden times. Poor solitary being ! The
religion you despised so long, for which sin you
arc doomed lo wallow in unbelief till the penal fires
flash through your unsheltered seui?the religii n
ynu dcspi'ed so long may have been the soft arm of
Almighty love b n-aih the frame of your dving
mother?it may h ive b en the angel-wafted pillow
on which your father rested his head when his
th'obb.ng temples beat their last, and then were
for ever still. It may have been the chariot |of
Israel, and the horsemen thereof that carried
your sweet children, and millions of happy (
saints to realms of increited tliss. Hut I have (
no quarrelwith you as j on run your short course ,
of unbelief. That unbelief is the beginning of i
of your everluitinr pnoishroent. I pity von, hut
what will ilmt nvaii in the day of tlreid decision '
and (Impair 7 The gush tears of all Heaven,
rolled down in ilelHgi g torrents, cannot save a soul
that has rejected the precious blood of the Son o
G >[? Man is a being; of a fearful power ?a being |
great to save or oranip 'tent to destroy. And m m
fills by man ;f finally he falls. Go thy way Infi- \
del; your haltle is with God. The King of Eter- |
nity tins awful forces at Command: The breath
and fo id of man are his rainisteis Howetinnnu
yon escape him when the v; ry unbelief of which
jou boast is entai'ed upnu you as the entering
wedge i'f eternal sorrows ' . Thn earth trem- j
hies?every island, s<--i and mountain ha-tc ; the
foot of 1I1- earthquake t tea's heavily upon
land and ocean-.-there are wild and terrible sirns 1
ib ve ; autl the sad stars of heaven roll their
>rb? like the blood shot starry eyes of affri
hted monsters. They are all looking far
way to sen the sign of the S>nn of Alan coming in
thi c.l' ads of Ilcaven. lie coiuc* ; and every eye
shall see him
These are the judgment* of (}?4. In every great ,
view of G'd, various emotion* take possession of
the soul of man, Humbled in tho dn*t and abated 1
in conSf quonci'of ihe nature, work, word and
yiJgmeils of his God 5 man only feel* as he
* bo 11 hi when h forgets st If and lives In Christ 1
It is a b 11 1 > retrtat from the storms of jn Ig
ment.to rush to the opcncdarmt of bleeding me' cv.
Look and lire is the divine command. The Ituiu- *
hie soul that will only prove the divine word* of "
Jesus, ahall prove them true?jrea and amen to
every precious promise. There is a balm for those "
'hat weep. There is a sealed testamentary pledge, ,
that all he reads of Christ is true. Mercy as well gn
as judgment is abroad in the earth, and the same 1
event may be the jadgment to the one, aud the pr?
mercy to another. K
Here the Reverend gentleman's sweet, musical f'01
voice died on the ear; he had no time left to draw !"r
lessons of instruction from his magnificent subject,
nor were his gushing o'erpowering thoughts more j'jy
than very partially exhausted. But the clock j
w-.trned him that he must close. He announced that Cb
on Sunday next he should preach from the words, ritr
My1rays are not your irui/s, noi my Uieu^htu your bui
thought*, for u* high a* the heaven$ are above the eai Ih, w.?
are mu thought* a 'tore unur thought*, ttntl niv trans '
abort your trays - tud then h? dismissed the asgembly
with a prayer and the benediction. tjel
Senate. the
RIoitD.vr, Jan. 10,1HI2' 'he
The Rev. J. X. Maffit appeared this morning as Pro
Chaplain to Congress, but his prayer was inaudible ''I?
a few feet from the President's desk. be|
Reports rtioM the Departments \
A repoit was received from the Navv Depart- gen
ment, inclosing a list ol pernors employed as clerks out
in the Navy Dcpanment in 1811, with the corapen- Jra
nation of earh. Similar reports were received from "PP
the War and other Departments. "c'l
Extorts and Imports of Gold and Silver. f*?
A report was received from the Secretary of State, ^
enclosing statements of the imports and exports ol qj,,
gold and silver, in compliance with a resolution of mei
tl Senate. late
The Bankrupt Law. _ gen
Mr. Buchanan presen'ed a memorial from lha ceri
Philadelphia Board of Trade, requesting Congress *
so to modify the Bankrupt Law, that it shall not be
applicable to any debt hetetofore contraacted ; and j *
it this cottld not be accomplished, that the law may y
be so amended as to prevent any discharge taking ruj,
place under it un'il fifty per cent has been paid on tho>
the d?b s of the Bankrupt; and if that cannot be at- the
tained, the petitioners deemed it expecient to repeal ful
the law altogether, lie also presented a memorial
from the Chamber of Commerce of the city of Philadelph
a, asking Congress to tnake an appropriation ** ()
for the purchase of the Bank of the United States y
to be used as a Custom House, stating that it can Whc
be purchased ai a low price. If it could be made con
suitable he (Mr Buchanan) should be glad to see thci
that magnificent building purchased for the purpose jBrl
designated, and believed it could be purchased for Proi
one third the sum expended on the Custom House ?5t-.
at New Yoik
Mr- Mangum presented a memorial from the City y
of New York, remonstrating against the repeal of of t
th- Bankrupt Law or its postponement. Mai
Messrs. Kf.hu, Clat, White, Bates, Prentiss, the
Mohehead, Walker, Simmons, Berrien, Choat, 'ng
TaLi.madoe, Henderson, Benton, Porter, Younge 'j*8
and others, presented remonsirances against the '?p
repeal of the B tnkrupt Law, in great numbers. JJ1 br
Mr- Batahd presented resolutions of the Legie- rj?Te
lature of the state of Delaware, in reference to the y
question ofFrench cluinn prior to MX). mer
Mr. Porter |presented several Ipetitions on the mig
subject of Slavery in Florida and in tha District of beu
Columbia, the question ?f the reception of which Pr?l
was laid upon tne table. re^!
Mr Graham introduced a bill to carry into effact f '
two resolutions of the Continental Congress direct- tjj?
ing the erection of monuments to the memory of 0fj|
GrReral Francis Nash and William Davis. The bill eou
was read twice and referred. thai
The National Debt. *?al
la compliance with a resolution of the Senate of *h01
a recent date, the Secretary of the Treasury trans- f0*
mitted to Concre.-s the followingstatemeni:? f .
Statement of the Public Debt on the S3d Dec., 1841.
Treasury uotes outstanding, (A) $7,382,037 68 ni
Debt cf the Corporate Cities of the District of
Colurobi". assumed by the United States, 1,440,000 00 J
The (old) funded and unfunded debt, via:? "ft
Funded debt?principal $32 434 76 tha
' Interest 340,718 84 ove
$333,163 60 k
The unfunded debt
Registered certificates, $26.832 11 ? J
Treasury Nstes issued tng
during the last war, 4,473 00 tub
Mis i-sippi certificates, 4,3 0 09 J
$35,417 83 opt
328 581 13
Ltai per set of the 21st ...
July, 1841?amount
subscribed 5 577,476 88 ?
?? inti
$14,728,085 70 his
Statement of the Public Debt on the 3d March. 1841 Tr<
Treasury notes outstanding,(B) $6,607,361 54 1,01
Debt of the Corporate Cities of the District of me
Columbia, astunird bv the United States, 1,440.(09 00 gat
The ("id) landed and unfunded debt, Tiz Tr<
Kuuded debt?priucidal $53.174 38 p
Interest, 243,106 36
$296 380 71 ?,5
The unfunded debtrel
Kezis'.ered certificates, $'26,623 44 tho
Tnasnry notes, issued col
dining the last war, 4,475 03
Mississippi certificates, 4 320 03
$35,417 53 ?it
331,698 37
$8 379 059 81 tel
A. This amount Is exrluiirc of uotes reetired fordutirs 1
and lauds -ub-1 ipusnt to lie 30tli September, and nut reported grc
for record in this office by the accouutiue officer. hip
B This is f irlo-ive of nolrs received for kutics and lands w:,
subsequent to the 30th December, 18(0, Stc. ^
The Hoard ok Exchequer. tiir
Mr. Evans resumed the debate on the President's he
pro jet, and spolce through t'vo hours and a half. He 'J
advocated a concilia!>'ry course, and he was of opi- g<"t
nion that good might be extracted Iroin the plan sub- ^
mitted to litem, of some features of which, how- 0
ever, he disadproved. ',aI
Mr. Walker obtained the floor, but he gave way ~r,
for an adjournment. >
House of Representatives, wo
Monday, Jan. 10. st'
treati nr Note Bill. .
Mr. Fillmore said that, under the prrsent embarrass. "'?
ed condition of the Treasury, he felt it to tie his duty to '
ask the unanimous consent ol the House to jiostpono the
further execution of the order for the pri scntation of petitions,
in order that the Treasury Note Bill might be "
taken up for consideration. He had been informed by
the Seen tary of the fieisury that tho power heretofore 11
exercised of i.suing Treasury Notes is now exhausted. P01
and unless other means are supplied, from this time forth al"
warrants must ceas -to issue. They had therefore come P0'
to a point where the national honor was involved, and
he hoped there would be no objection to his motion.
Mr. Atiivbton inquired if the motion ol the gentleman K' j
from New Yoik was successful, would it make the Trea- ?,
suty Note bill the or,lei of the day until diS|>oseil of, and : 01
so interlera with and prevent the iJommittee of the J udi- 'J14
ciary from reporting to-morrow the bill to repeal the ' '
Bdiikiupt Law J "61
The Sri AKEH s?id it would be optional with the House m 1
- - . - ?. i.,, .. s ,v. n,L.i. an.
.v WUIIVT ? u UiCI lugu 4UIV V.UIJIMI.lltM' ui IUU W UUlf,
or not. '"r
Mr. Mckiwethkk objected to the motion of the g?ntk'mar.from
New York, (Mr. Fillmore.) "v
Mr.BHionssuggeitedtk.it the unanimous content of *'*'
the House was not necessary to postpone the order of the not
day, but that it might be postponed by a majority, like 'ral
any otht r order. Psr
Mr, Filomohk then moved that the ordrrof the day be "?*'
postponed. P'p
The Srrsxrs decided that a majority could not post- .
pone the execution of an order voted by two thirds. It s'01
would rt (]uire a like vote to postpone. 1,0
Mr. Born Hiked that the vote m ght by tak en by tellers. a,r<
Mr. <1111 naurc* demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. MemwRTHrR said he did not wish to throw himsell'in
the way of the unanimous wish of the House, and
if no other member objected to the motion of the bono **'
rable member from New York, (Mr. Fillmore) he would ;ro'
withdraw his objection. I8'
Mr. OoKDoa?I object.
The Kf"mi r said there were various other gentlemen
whoohjictrd. *"1
The yeas and nays, on susptmding tho rules,were then
taken, unci were yeas I to, nays 41?so the rules ware ?1 .
suspended R'M'
Mr, Fn.i.Most than moved that the Home go intocom '
mittee of the whole on the Treasury Note Bill; which p81*
w as agreed to, and Mr | Horsiss whs called to the chuir.
Mr. \Vtsr said, when the House were last in committee
on this hill, the proposition under consideration was *"
an Binendment, providing for thu application of the procediof
the public lands to the extinguishment of the '
xublic debt. \fken he had submitted this amendment, '"*T
lie cansiderrd it to he in order ; hut upon reflection, he
had arrived at a different conclusion. But u ere it In n?r
order, lie had satisfied himsi If that to press it now would ,l,a '
only tend to wvakan both tho bill anathe amendment, a* cia'
he knew scveriil gentlemen who waul 1 vote for a re- no 11
peal of the Distribution Bill, if offered a* an amendment " l'"
to some other proposition, w lio were not willing to po?tpone
or endanger the passage of the Treasury Note Bill, va"'
by affixing it to that hill as an amendment. He would,
then-lure, withdraw the amendmeut. and let some oth-r M
gentlemen take the responsibility ; and a heavy respon- J?
ubility it was of withholding supplies from the Govern- .
ment i* thn present pressing exigencies of t h? Treasury. vani
Mr. Kn LMom: then offered an amendment to (ho fill, n'""
lo Mrike out the umJi " in lieu of those heretofore or
ti en a ' r adopts ! ? hii li was sign ed to. ,,!
Mr. WrLL*n said, notwithstanding what had boon re- ''
marked by thu gentlemen from Virginia (Mr. Wine) hi; Tn:,n
f-lt it hia duty lo submit an amendment to the hill, em- ^
hr.i' in* a port-on of the amendment Jest withdrawn.? r#ur
Ho liad not voted hcretofora for Troainry notes, wheu "1CJ
they v. ei o ticked for, to anticipate the revenue, aa a tern lor ^
l-oi.irj measure, but he wan oppose] to authorising them turvi
w:th rjt makinr torn* provision lor their redemption.? n'"*
He theretore offered an amendment aa an additional see- ,0
lion providing for a repeal of the hill for the distribution auth
r>f th" proceed* of the sales of the public lands among th? J*is<
St.lies, and to appropriate the amount derived from said "c "
sales to the redemption of the outstanding Treasury . M
Notes, as well as those auth rise 1 by this act.
Mi. Kii.t.M"iu objected to the amendment as out ofor- 'he |
dee. a similar amendment hail bei n proposed et the ex- j!''
tia n ssion, and ruled to he out of order.
Mr Psovfit ssid he would have been glad if the gen- "'TT
th man from Ohio (Mr. Wellerlhad folio wed the exam '
nil? of the genthmas from Virginia (Mr. Wise) and with *on
h' Id hiaamen intent, hat lio could not imagine how it C,1
was out of order. Tho CJovsrnment called on them for
funds, and they said you have already funds which *'
r> i?hl to ha applied to the discharge et your liabilities. l4,'r '
Was not this in order 1 Suppose he applied to a friend ,,
lor a InaB of one hum!, i d dollars, and he asked him if hi *'
Kadno finds. He won Id my yrs. he had five hantfh I 1
'o lars, W hich his la fy had made him promise should he ' v<'"
Invested for his Children Ills friend would say, my dear
How, take your own monej , and tisv it, b< fore j on a?k '
o help you. II thought the amendment to b > pertly
in ord -r, ?h- i jh he should s o*e -eg 'in't It. r-1
Jr. Kill mo as suggested that the sotU rule?
Jr. Uilmkb rose to a point of order. The Chair had
I yet decided on the point of order raited, and until
it decision ?a? made, there could be no debate
ilr. Killmobe taid he wished only to suggest ?
Jr. (du.?uK said that suggestions were the best of arnit
nte tome tinu i.
rhe Cmik Considered the point of order involeeil,
iciii ly similar 10 that rainud on the amendment ol the
itlemun from Virginia (Mr. Wise). While he had no
lbt of the power of the house to set tot apart a fuad
the redemption of these treasury notes, when they
'amis due; yet to take the loud contemplated ia this
endment, it would he necessary to repeal an existing
i', and the amendment wns therefore out of order,
dr. Clikkobd said he thought the decision of the
air wua i> accordance with the wishes of the rnsjo11,
and would therefore besualained by the committee,
he desired lo say a word in defence of the vote he
uld give against that decision. What was the object
the bill? It was to provide money for the exigencies
the government. What was the object of the amendit?
Itwas to provide means to discharge the liabilii
incurred w hen these notes fell due. He referred to
act af 17M, making provision for the public debts ol
Union, the30th section of which provided that the
ceeds of the sales of the public land* should be appriated
for that purpose. This was precisely the
ect of the present amendment, the only difference
ng that it was necessary to rrpeal an existing law.
lr. Tii.LinnHssT said the act of 1790 was te make a
leral prevision for the debt of the Union, and to point
iue various source* irom wnencn means migni oe
wii, In thin case it was contended that it was a mere
lication of means in the Treasury, but be could not
uiesce in the assertion that the proceeds of the public
da was a fund of the United States, but only aa a
tee fund.
lr. Maxwell Rave notice that if the decision of the
iir waa overruled,he should otter a further amendat,
to suspend 10 much of the compromise act aa re'
to a reduction of duties If the amendment of the
itleman from Ohio (Vir. Weller) was in order, that
tainly would be.
Ir. Win said if the Chair had decided against hia
?ndm?'Mt, he would have acquiesced, and he thought
t of the g? ntlemun from Ohio, (Mr. Weller,) precise
limilar in etfect.
Ir. Holmes said if the decision of the Chair was overrd,
he should vote against the amendment. For,
ugh he considered it strictly in order, yet he deemed
ntcrssities ol the country so pressing?the disgraceposition
in which she had been placed by the extraiion-as
to demand of them immediate action.
Ir. Gordon cOuteudi d there could be no incongruity,
the bill| was.- for the purpose of contracting a debt,
the amendment to provide means for its payment,
ir. Charles Brown enquired if it was not in order
en a bill for the issue of treasury notes was under
sideration, to offer an amendment which would lessen
ir amount. lie trusted that the gentleman from New
ley would also bring in his amendment to stop the
gressive reduction of duties under the compromise
That, and the repeal of the Sub-Treasury, with
t economy which was so loudly promised, would do
ly with the necessity of treasury notes.
Ir. W. C. Johnson said he would sustain the decision
he Chair. As to the reference of the gentleman from
ine, (Mr. Clifford) to the act ot 1790, the proceeds of
public lands were a! that time brought into the sinkfund.
because ths Gen- ral Government had assumed
debts of the States. If the committee decided against
Chair, he should feel it his duty to move an amendit
enjoining it n[>o 11 this government to assume the
ts of the States, at least to the amount of revenue desi
from the sales of the public lands.
[r. Williams, of North Carolina, said if the amendit
was in order, nearly every law on the statute book
ht be repealed iu thu same way. The army might
ishatided, and the navy dismantled, on the plea of ap
priating the money required for their support to the
smption of treasury notes.
[r. Wise said, that w hile he concurred with his friend
n Maryland, (Mr. Johnson,) as to thu irrelevancy of
amendment, lie could not acquiesce in that portion
: relative to the assumption of State debts. If he
Id show him that the State debts of the present day?
t of Pennsylvania for instance, of thirty millions, for
ling a canal within her own borders?were similar to
se assumed in 1790, which were contracted in a war
national purposes, he would go for assumption.
Ir Smith,of Virginia, held the amendment to be per;ly
in order. The bill proposed to raise means (or the
port of the government, and the amendment contamtcd
the appropriation of the proceeds of the lands to
t purpose. This money was now in the Treasury,
under a former law could not he touched; yet were
t law repealed, it could he used more promptly than
n Treasury notes
Ir. Pkudlkton thought gentlemen wore, in error as to
r money arising from the sales of the public lands bein
the Treasury, as the Distribution Law did not go
i effect until the lstofthe present month,
dr. A. V Bnows briefly addressul the Committee in
losition to the decision of the Chair.
!"he question was then taken, and the decision of (he
air was sustained?ayes 9d, noes 78.
dr. CoerrR then obtained the floor, and said he merely
ended briefly to state the reasons which should govern
vote in opposition to a bill to authorise the issue of
-asury notes. lie had heretofore op|>osed bills lor a
iilar pur|<ose, because he considered it an insidious
ans of .supply, and calculated to encourage extravaice
in the public expenditures If the issuance of
?asury notes would not relieve 'he couatry as genely
as a loan.then the passage of the bill was not adable,
and he held that Treasury notes could effect no
ief but u relief to the oitice holders. If a loan was au>ri/.cd,
and paiticularly if it was taken up in a foreign
mtry, the proceeds would go into the circulation of
country, and produce genei al relief. The distresses
he country go beyond th? oflice holders, and the peoat
largo nr.:, n:i;i o to relit.,. The Van Buren party,
,ich, though Ihev had repeatedly denied it, he contiled,
were the pope! money party.
["he Sri-AkKR called the gentleman to ordor, on the
mud of irielevancy, and declared that the responsi
i'vof permitting such a course of debate, must rest
:li a majority ef the House, and not the Chair.
dr.CooPKR said he would not have occupied half the
e in getting through that portion of hit remarks, if
l?a l not hi en interrupted by the Chair,
'he ("hair'said it would take twice the time for some
itleman on the opposite side to ausw or them,
dr. Coo sir said, if it look four times, he would be in
ler. He was going onto i how that the Van Burin
ty, by their multiplication of State Bunks.
Die Cm sin again called the gentleman to order, on tho
aund of irrelev ncy.
dr CoorrR appealed from the decision of the Chair,
dr Srsxi.rv hoped the gentleman Irom Pennsylvania
uld be permitted to proceed, as he considered him
ictly in ordt r.
dr. Cost Joiiissois moved that the gentleman have
ve to proceed in older, which wrs agreed to.
dr. Coopkr said hi was going to show that the Van
re? party had, by their incorporation of n swarm of
ite Banks, produced that flow of pap>-r,out of theiotuess
of tvhich the present general distress and bank>tcy
were producid. as monsters from the ?lime ofthe
le. He was going to shiw that one party might sup
t a continuation of the paper money policy, but th.v
?ther party, who have here'oforo pertinaciously opled
tliase Treasury notes, and if wiong, lactiously
jKisn inem couin not consistently vote tor in? inn
w before the committee. He was surprised to And thut
ithm.n then opposing them, were now their a ivo
es. and ?i|wcillly the honorable Chairman of the
mmittee of Way* and Mean*. On a former occasion ,
then Chairman of the Ways and Means came into
House every morning with as piteous a talc as was
ird the other day from the present honorable Chairn,
and yet tkej whig* opposed the treasury Note Bill,
i onlv five,out of one hundred and ten. whigs voted
it. H -was, therefore, not only surprised. Cut con.
nded at the ceurstt of many of those now in favor of
s measure. It was sai 1 that a loan could not he rered
in time for the wants of th< Treasury. He was
sure hut a little a Iver-ity would teach the Administion
what the otrei whelming reverses of the whig
ty last fall seems to have failed of teaching them?
propriety and n> cessity of returning to those princis
which brought them into power. , If the measures
ich passed the two House* of Congress at the last ses
a had b?e i carried into i IToct,there would have been
necessity for a loan,or the present bill. But he was
lid the A Iministra'ion had gone too far to retrace its
is. it had
Stept in so far that should it wade no more
Returning would ha as tedious as go o'er,
'km w! that he who, by a melancholy and most disssis
Providence was pia-ed at the he,1 of the Adminisio*4had
been wooing the Hams'1 loeofocoism with all
hlandishmi nts which a Virginia gentleman of the
schorl knows so w-ll ho w to use, hut he thought it
i a hopeless ens, , as he thoughttbe party would prefer
friend from Pennsylvar.ia ( Mr. Buchanan ) in the
tr end of tha Capital, Old Bullion, or even the tireat
ec.b 1 iiim-eif.
r Vise wished to a-tk the gentleman from Pen nay Iia
oi. single qties i->n. He says ha knows that the
lident has > en wooing the eamsel locufocoism. He
. Wi ) challenged the ptoof.
r. Cooria.?By his acts let him be judged. Who are
counsellors : are they w higs 1
r Wiik.?V.?, the whole cabinet; better whigs
i y ou.
r. Court a aid he would not endorse them as whigs,
twiUtbi liolmUnat the gentleman from Virgi,
lalisfy him that they w ere whigs. Has not the ottiorgan
of thi President, again and again said he was
rhig, und if he was not, would he select whig conn
>rs I
r. Wise wished to ask the geutli man from Teansyla
a question.
r. Co era sai I he would answer it with pleasure,
r. Sta.-slkt objected to this mode of inturrupting genen.
r Wl.f e,i.l hi. the ironlU-nan <Y?n> P?r,,,o. l
i to yield tin- floor, and ho would not auk the guntleftotu
North Carolina to do no.
r. SuM.rY SHid he knew ho would not ??k him. and
a did he w oul I got a i ritual.
ae Chair Raid it wai perfectly in order for a gentleto
vie) I the Hi?or for the puruoRfa of explanation,
r. Wt r Rai l the gentleman from Pennsylvania had
ti ouily yielded the Moor, end h" would not abuse
jrlvilege H-called on the gentleman for Hi4 prool
da assertion that the President had hern making over
R to the locofnoo party, nnd he did not wish mere
spapi r ]iai atrophic The gi-nllnmyn had asserted it
a fact of his own knowledge, and he winked 'or the
ority on which he hand hut assertion. lie (Mr.
r) cared not w ho HRRerted it, ha contradicted it, and
ha'di nged the proof.
r. Coorra said theae little lore pa??nges take place
cret, and the billet doux are not pel mated to meat
public eye; hut sometimes tods nnd wink* tall the
> of the affectiona aa effectually a? if signed hy John
and Miaa Amy Hoe, (Oraat laughter ) Look at the
;ntm nt? made hy the administration,
r. Paorrir hoj e I that it wai understood that there
Id he an opportunity given to nuiwrr the remaiki of
(entleman from P-nnay lvania.
r Caorr.a?( -Mainly. certainly.
r. PRorrir Raid, that of the whole diplomatic cotpR
ad( there htxl beau appointed hut one of the friends
ie PreRident.
r. (onr> a said there waa a good reason for tliir, ai
??hide difficult for him to fill the diplomatic cotpR
i if Hp took the w hole of hiR perolur friend lie
11 not detain the Home longer ; hut conrIndi d l j
rtieg hiR di'tci mination to ve'e rp i-? til' ' I.
Pi:irrtT ot taiiied the floor ; and >rei.il u n
in a'j ut ; f, ai::! a muck g ter t nhet
again, tit he a ud that wheuo'tin ii o* ?|>tci?liwlr:#M i?
obtained the tloor, they Could adjourn at half put one ;
hut itf lid not require an a 'Jo'- a Dent,or even lira minutaa
tunc,to answer ih. slang umu vit titration agaiift the
Administration and ita friends. Laat session they were
taunted with amounting to hut a corporal's guard aa
being capable of loing nothing?now they are to he held
rei|ionaihle for dotug nothing The gentleman from
Maryland then naked would the President leave the gal
lant whig frigate, with her nail* aet and her colora (lying,and
embark in the little corkho-it of the g< ntleman
from Indiana. Now he (Mr. I'roftil)knew the Preaident,
and he knew that he would leuve any ahip of any
party, no avatter how gallant her array, and trna' himsell
to a plank on the great ocean ol popular sentiment,
lie denied that the Preaidant had ever dirotly or indi
reotly made any overture, either directly or indirectly,
to any party or faction.
Mr. Coorea?He did aot pop the question.
VJ r B .... If k. t.l ...... I ..... - ?..II
..... .. I.e..a.. U H'lw.uwu w I~|., ...
pop it M he popped the veto. There wai no sneaking out
el hack windows, [laughterj or letting the ten days pass
ovur, but a plain, open and manly meeting ol every responsibility.
He thought the proper coui ku of debating
this question, would lie to ascertain whether ihe means
were wanted for the treasury, and then whether they
could conscientiously vote them in the farm presented;
and not to beintertwicing great national questions with
the party politic! of the day.
Mr. T. K. Marshall said he had it great aversion to be
dragged into tliie treasury note policy, and he had risen
to ask the Chairman ol the ( omm'ittee of Waji and
Meana, whether he had any knowledge ef his own, independent
of the letter of the Secretary of the Tieasui y,
which iudueed him to believe that the loan authorized
t the last session was not negotiable in the domestic
market. He had not risen to provoke the wrath of the
Executive, or any of his organs on thnt lloor, or to provoke
the President to pop against that House, but if he
wished to make a pop, he had a pop-gun ready. [Hoars
of laughter.] He did not recognize, ner did he
think the President was willing to recognize, a cabal
on tkat floor, who were the keepers of hn conscience,
and ex offitio his Cabinet councillors. This had been repudiated
at the extra session in tones of thunder, which
bad scarcely yet ceased their reverberations. He had
risen to ask the Chairman of the Ways and Means, to
state if he had any information of his own, independent
of the letter of the Secretary, which led him to believe
that there was no practicability of negotiating the remainder
of the loan in the domestic market, ir-r -
Mr.FiLLMoac said that, in addition to the letter of the '
Secretary of the Treasury, he had been permitted to examine
the original correspondence on which it was '
based, and he was convinced that there was no reasona- I
ble probability, if even there was a possibility of obtaining
money on that lean, even if it were extended for
twelve years, short ef an application to a foreign market.
In addition to this, one of his colleagues on the committee,
who was more skeptical than he was on this point, J
had addressed a letter to one of the principal houses in '
New York, and he would send the answer to that letter I
to the Chair to be read for the information of the com- I
m'ree.
A letter from Messrs. Prime, Ward and King was read,
stating that a government loan could not be negotiated
at less than 7 per cent interest, and that $10,000 of the t '
per cent loan had been sold on the date of the letler at 93
cents an the dollar.
?ir. * illmork aaiu tne representative irom mc city or <
Boston liad received a letter from the Hon. Abbott Law- ,
rencc, with a substuntially similar statement.
Mr. Maraali. said, then they were informed by Prime, l
Ward and King that a loan could Hot be negotiated at
less than 7 per cunt, and it can be hud for that, and on
this state of facts they were asked to issue Treasury
notes, and did any one suppose that they would circulate
at a less interest. No onu supposed that Treasury notes <
could be circulated by a forcible process, and shave the
public creditors of one per cent. This might be a very
neat financial operation, but it involved more than a
question of policy?it involved the national honor. For
one he would sooner resnit to direct taxation than to a
system so detestable. Nothing would inflict so deadly a
blow at the credit of the nation, and he thought there <
might as well be a clause introduced Into the bankrupt
law, to include the general government within its pro- '
visions. It resulted, then, that nothing could besavod '
by issuing treasury notes, except we intended to shave <
the public creditor out of the difference, and (or himself
he preferred that the government should raise the means 1
it wanted on a loan, oven though it should cost seven
percent.
Mr. UsntswooD obtained the floor, upon whose motion
the Committee rose,' and the House adjourned.
Baltimore.
(Correspondence of the Herald.1
Baltimore, Jaw. 11, 1812, 0 A. M.
Recovery of the Gold Snuff-Box, Gold Sword Scabbard,
Pearl Neck-1-are, and two large Pearh which
were stolen from the Patent Office of the United i
States, December 2wa., 1811. <
Mr. Editoh:?1
have; the extreme satisfaction of comrnuicating
to you the fact,that yesterday, between the hours of
niue and ten o'clock, those splendid jewels,
stolen from the United States Patent Office, on the
2<ith of llecetnber last, consisting of the famous gold
Snuff-Box, presented by the Emperor Alexander to
Lieutenant Harris, the American Charge d'Afl'iirs,
at St. Petersburg ; the Pearl Necklaee, presented by
the linaun of Muscat, to President Van Buren; the
Gold Sword-Scabbard, presented by the Vice Hoy
f Peru to Commodore Biddle, and the two large
Pearls, were all recovered through the indefatigable
exertions of officers Hays, Zell, and ltidgely.
These officers, by means of a " stool-pigeon," in
their keeping lor the detection of rogues, received
information that a suspicious trunk had been plared
on beard the schooner Mary Bright, commanded by
Qeptain Bright, nop ly ing at the bead of Smith's
dock,.bound Tor Swlmoad, Va. A state'* warrant
was immediately issued by Ju-tice Snyder, who
with the above named officers, repaired to the ve*
eel and found the articles, neatly (lone up in straw
matting and placed in a.law leather trunk. Thitrunk,
it seems, had been, early in the morning, put*
on the schooner, during the captain's teinporary absence,
by a young man who care it in charge of a
colored seaman. The individual who p'aeed the
trunk on board is described by the colored man as tall,
spare-faced,slender-built, with black whiskers in'
about twenty years of age. The trunk was labelled
and directed to the care of Tallica Anson, I! iebmond,
Vs. The rogue, who ever he may be, is yet at
liberty, though the officers are of opinion that they
wdl be able to effect his arrest. The reward at first
offered for the recovery of the jewels and detection
of the thief, was $1,000, though by subsequent private
arrangement I learn.#1 5o<l has been offered for
the goods alone, and .#T,tHi() for the thief. It is said
that a letter was also received by the officers which
threw considerable light on the subjec'. The f uartioles
are valued at $512,(XK) Captain Bright ottered
every facility to the off;cars in their search.
The precious treasures are now safely deposited in
liic Marine hank, where they will remain untij demanded
by the proper authorities. The rtnufl-Lfix
and Necklace ate not in the least injured. The
Sword-Scabbard is somewhat bent, but can be
easily repaired
Mr Burritt. the learned black-smith, lecturedI last
night belore the " Mary land Institute of education"
on the Character of Roman Patriotism. It was a
no st xcejlent production.
exchange is getting somewhat easier. I quote on
Ntw-York at 4 per cent premium; Boston :t 7 H do;
Philadelphia 1& discount; Virginia 2 7 8 discount;
Specie t premium Kail Road Urdern ft per cent
discount; City Stock cannot he sold at tjjiSt) ; other
stocks are likewise still and at a e'and
Flour continues at 3o,87k; .mnrkets|generally dull
and without change. The Bill now before the
Legislature propo-.es to make the banks resume in
twenty days after its passage. At present it is snowing.
Yours, Twmr.
jPhllmlr'pliln .
|Corr<*poudence of lh? Herald.)
Philadelphia, Jan. II, 1812?2 P.M.
I regret that I, as well as two or three of our
Courts arid as m any newspapers, were led into error
yesterday as to the death of Judge Ilopkinson. f*o
entirely was the rumor believed that two Churls
immediately adjourned, on motions supported by .
appropriate speeches; and for some time two or J
three newspaper bulletins contained the announcement.
Tlrse misrepresentations, if wilfully started, 1
deserve* a severer punish sent than contempt. I
rejoice to state that the venerable old man still live s,
though he isatill very low.
I learn to day that there is some difficulty with
the notes of the West Uranch Hank. The best
terras on which th?-y can be parted with :a at a discount
of from twelve to fifteen per cent, and many
of the brokers refuse to buy them at any price
What the precise nature of the difficulty is?though
I suppose it is want of meanr?I am not informed
Its agency here within a day or two has refused to
redeem them. This 1 imagine is preparatory to n
grand blow up If Governor Porter's recommends- i
(ion is carried out on the subject of resumption, this, i
it will be aeen, is but the " beginning of the end." '
The meeting held last night at the County Court >
House, on the propriety of abolishing capital punishment,
was large and mo-t respectably attended "
Thomas P. Cope presided, a- -fed by fourteen
Vice Presidents, among whom I notice the n.:*io if x
the Hon Richard Rush. Sane ?et:?Me resolutions t
were passed and several veiy creditable spsfchct fi
made. There seem* te be every prospect that the *
legislature will abolish the obnoxious enactment# '
on the snhject. \
Nothing haa as y t been heard from the robbers i f
the Western mail on S turday niitht, at"! oii'-do r j
rumor says that exertion is not u <1 to ferret out t,
tfce robbers that ro daring an outrage calla tor ti
The benefit of Mr. Ktchings la-t ni:-h?, st the
Chesnul, v - vcv ?> m i.-ii, in <: aiscrjuuiic , u,,of
the unfavorable stale of the weather. At *1
burton's tie re o as a fire company benefit u d n u
go?'d hbuoc. The variety of ent?rtainmen s und (1
foorl order at tha circu-fills that nightly. ?,
Yesterday die I'ottsville road was formally op- n< d t
ih- p* ver it of s eventy five pa--- ngrr ear-,
I'j" "if ;n ' ,-rj 'ti" two m i1 i - I'i'a
dred and filiy pera< ns, ai|,ong ?li?-rn wifn full volunteer
companies, three of which wit' from F'o tsville,
>?e from SglnivlkiH Haven, one from \V?rwitksborg,
and two from Kfading. These were accompanied
by fine bands af mu if, with the usual disolay
of fl igu, bannera, \*c- Not wiihslaiidiag it was
.stormy,unpleasant day, along tin* whole line of tba
road the procession was met with Lhe liveliest demonstrations
of^oy A' H ending thry were greeted
with a salute of twenty one gnriH from the Heading
Artillerists, ami at Norrbtnwn a similar compliment
was paid them. The cars carrying this immense
number of pass<^?gers were drawn by a single engine,
and, notwithstanding there w as f?ur inches fall
of snow on the road at starting, performed its work,
admirably well, accomplishing the distance, ninety
nules, in hours running time. In the rear of (lie
passengers there was a train of 52 burthen cars, loaded
with 1.H0 tons of coal, a part of which was mined
'he same morning four hundred and iwelve feet he
iuw wilier level, and some lew ptecrs or K brought
to the Washington Hotel by the miners themselves
tor the inspection of the curious and doubting,
on the arrival of the car- at the depot of the company
in this city, the procession formed a line and
paraded through the principal streets, frequently
greeted by the applause oi Phtladelpltians The
whole was under the charge of Mr. Uobertson,
Chiet Engineer, and Mr. G. A. Nichols, Superintendent.
There was nothing occurred to mar the
success of the undertaking or the festivities of the
occasion. Between 8 and 9 o'clock, the < flieers of
the company and committer < f arrangements from
Pmuville sat down to a splendid repast prepared
for them by Mr. Ilartwell, *t the Washington
Hotel. The olHcer* and procession, with a considerable
accession from this city?among the
number, three or tour car load ol I ol.es left this
morning tor Pot'sville, to be in readiness for the
ball to be given there to-night.
The transactions in stocks to day were light, at
rather better prices, though thev may still b>* considered
heavy. United States Bank notes are today
4o to .TO below par.
It snowed here to-day from 8 till 2 o'clock pretty
hard.
Dempster gives a concert to-morrow night, and,
weather permitting, will as usual have a crowded
louse, for he is a sweet sing' r.
Appointments nv the President.?Jas. Lsw"ence
Day, to be " Agent on the coast of Afrieu for
receiving the negroes, mulattoes, or persons of coor,
delivered from on board vessels seized in the
irosecution ef the slave trade, by eummanders of
United States vessels.
The Rainf.rs.?These artists give a concert tlaa
rvening at the City Hotel.
New York and Erie Rah. Road.?Mr. Bryant,
>f the " Post," calls loudly for the expulsion of
Vleasrs. Bowen, Draper und Blatchford from the
nanagemeut of this rail road. "Cause vyl"
They are pipe-layers. Call again Mr. Poet.
Price or a Corpse.?The remains of the great
Urandon Bank was recently sold at auction for #5U.
New V nrk T.anpof An II
The second number of this popular medical jourlal
was issued on Saturday morning. It contains a
;ontinuation of the able review of I)r Moll's famous
lectures on Surgery; selections from the clinical
lectures of Professor Valpeau, at the Hospital of La
Charitc, in Paris ; reviews of new medical works ;
editorial articles on the application of a free press to
the medical profession; the triumph of surgery ;
medical schools of New York, tcc.; reports of the
Surgical C Iwique, the Eye Infirmary, Arc., and interesting
cases from the foreign journals; miscellaneous
intelligence, Acc. &c. Price #3 per annum, in advance.
Single copies 6.J cents.
New York Lancet In Boston.
Person* wishing to subscribe to the "New York Lan
set," in Boston, will please leave their names and address
st the office of the Herald, No.8 State street, where siu
gle copies will also be for sale. KEDDING, Auent,
8 State street, Boston
do-The Dollar Weekly, published this morning
at nine o'clock, will contain the conclusion of the
Rev. Mr. Van Znndt's trial?price two cents.
Important Public Meeting.
{ij- The Citizens of New York, friendly to the Bank
rupt Law, without distinction of pm ty, are hereby invited
to meet at the Merchants Exchange, on Thursday the
13th January instant, at '1 o'clock, P. M., for the purposo
of memorializing Congress against the repeal or post
pom ment of said Law,until it shall have received a fair
practical trial.
John G. Coster, John I. Mergnn,
Andrew Foster ?i Sons, Talbot, Oh pliant <k Co,
Silas Brown, Sj lvunus Kliller,
Samuel Cowilrey, Benjamin Day,
ElihuTownsrod, ! f,rm of Neviu* u
ayivaiius itapetyc, v-orneiius pet nots.
Davit, Brooks k Co, Samuel 15 llugglts,
J. Green Pearson, O A. Worth,
Samuel Uradhurst, U.orge Me rrett.
Win W. Torld Ik,Co, Wm Baml. Johnson,
Swift k Co, Moses It. GtI tin ell,
Georgo Griffen, Dudley S.-lden,
D C. i W. Pell k Co. Bt-nj R. Winthiop,
William Bevcm, of Bcvens, Il.n ?? k Co.
Seth I'. Staples, J. l'rescott Hall,
Chfls^Kneelaud \ ,ir ?f BoC" r? * KneeJ.nd,
Samuel J. Tllden, John L. Law rence,
Asaph Stone, John Wheelwright,
David Austen, firm of Auitcn, Wilmerding k Co.
A. J. Snelling, Joel Stone,
Aaron Clark, Edward A. Strong,
H. II McCurdy, liim of McCuxdy, Aldiich k Spencer,
W. K. Vermilyo, film of Carpenter k Veimil?e,t ^ .
Robert M. Mason, Samuel T. Tiadaie,
H. M. lllatehford, Hti'son Surhley
M. M. Noah, William Winttemore,
Edw ard A. Nicoll, George W Blunt,
Ilendrichs Brothel s, Seth Low k Co,
Rufus L. Lord. Benjamin Nathan,
William Gerard, Samuel A. Koot,
Henry E. Davis.
CT7-.I-' imnisth Ward?Raii.road Mkkti^o.? At a
very large meeting of the citi/.eus of tile Elite* ntU
Ward, held at Constitution Hall, Monday evening, 10'h
January, ISti, called together for the purpose of affording
aid to the Erie Railroad Company, Wm P. Eurmiso,
Esq. w aa called to the ahair, aim Thomas McCarthy and
Wm. L Boyd were appointed Secretaries.
Mr. Macomher, the agent of the Railroad Company
heieg called on, explained to the meeting the situation
and prospects ol the road, very much to the satisfaction
of tnose gentlemen w ho pleased to atti nd.
Messrs. Noah Cook, John Ward, I5* i j.imin Curti-. R
S. Nevins and Eli H ir?, the committee appointed for
that ptirjiose reported the following resolutions.? hich,
after aide addrt ssea fioin Noah Cook and Dudley Selden,
Ksqrs., were passed unanimously.
Resolved, That it is the duty, as it should he the
pride, of every citizen ol this grrat commercial city, to
aid in retaining the trade w hicli ?he air* inly enjoys, and
in opening s ,ch new channels of communication at
will be cut ulated to inert 8 the trade and consequent
wealth ol the city.
Resolved, That it is essential to the prosperity of this
city, and the character for enterpaise of her inhabitants
that the New Vork and Erie Railroad he speedily
complt ted.
Resolved. That w < heartily respond to the procrt .lings
of the meeting held st Niblo's on the 'rtth ultimo, . n I
pledge ourselves not to b<* behind anv w hrd in th* city,
in proportion to |*opulation, in aid of this great and truly
beneficial enterprise.
Resolved, That the "Commercial Emporium" of the
Union will raise one million of dollars, in the manner
proposed, in aid of the constiuctioti of the longest an l
most important railroad in the wot Id.
It was Resolved, Tliat Thomas McCarty, Noah Cook.
Joseph Britton, John R Townsend, Jacob Leroy, and
Benjamin Curtis, lie appointed to otitain subscription*
throughout the wotd.
Resolved, That the proceedings of this meeting he
signed by the officers and ptibluli. d in the daily papers.
WM. r. EL'RMISS, Chairman
Thos. McCarthy, f B-?, .
Wm. L.Boyd. J Secretar.e..
Qf7- Eos Havava ?The barque Rapid sails this morning.
The Passengers will nlei-? look nt Mrs. Wht'i
Card, ir? the last page. She ke ps a good house; kind
and obliging attendants are alwat s on hand to serve their
guests.
. Or?" Tin Arcadia* Liters.? It w ill be perceived by
the Mil of this evening, that the manage! of this splendid
Eqtl* strian < stablisb merit ha- spatt d neither expense,
trouble or talent, to render it a popular place of amusement.
It is no wonder then that it 1* nightly ctswdcd
by the gentry of the " YMlagu" to witness the extraornary
feats there furnished to the public. Mr Stone, the
rival of the celebrated Levi North ; Master Stevens, the
infant hero of the aron.i .,!li?!ey, Bigelow, kc all app< ar
!o night. Mr Sands,the well known Hqu??trien.dtrect$
dieting; and for a clown, they have Kief. " e fellow of
nfinite wit " Tl*e Set-too between Woodhull, Donly,
end several distinguished nir.ateui t, w ill, by general delire,
fit repeated this 1 \ 1 ning.
(17- Bowrnv Amphitmvstrk ?This rltablishment
lightly presents seem* ol joy and gladness. A highly
lent* d company, numb* nog about thirty active mrmitrs,
m il*- ami f< male, with an excellent band of music,
nd sn unrivalled stud ol horses, as arrnsserirs, ?re ex disiM
.11 # ln.ir ex . ti In ? . 1. aasi ikn ljt.es* r*/l faatiinnb.
" ?* " ' I ' ? ?" le
audim-ei wuii-n roiii7 ? thin esi.bllrhment. T.
'.Turin: 11 te 't r>'or iu America, remain! horebvtt
w nigh'! longer To-nlicht tin- rmn I fete of the
"oornament, or the Knights and I.ariirrrf Palestine, ii
> 1 r?;? Bled v. ith a bout of no rrli iei, concluding with
n l*tr h il l* aftitpiece rf tbc CohbWr of Bftfdad
Hr7" A? iron winter i? * great relief to the j>oor, and
? (or her tieen no little relief to I?r Sherman, whole
ough 1,0/1 ugi * ue in great demand. r.very ho ly now
i'i them fur roughs or cc Id*, they are very pleasant
11 cure very quirk. The are iold at the ware house 10B
' "mi a'., 110 173 an>l 4 .9. Br? It nj, |0.4 Bowery, 77
iv t Itroa I n ay,UJ Blercbi r,an 1 '117 Hudson ?t?., N.Y-t
- an I 139 Fulton it. Brooklyn It -it tinsf. a Statu rtree\
icstpn Btir;e??. 29 H 3rd it Philadolyhik.
1r
Aasa-s-s???Chatham
Thkatrk.?Notwithstanding the 11
clement Atate of the weather last evening, this ho>ti
v. as again crow.te.l, while ether similar establishment
with splendid spectacles, and gorgeous and elcgai
dresses, hewere compaiutively deserted. Native t
lent and euterptise will alwaxs have the ascendanr
and manager Thome w ill always have the same liber
{ atronage. that is nightly ext- nded towards him. Yai
tee Hill, who ue> er fails to atfact and delight a num
uus auditory , makes hi? third appearance to night as S
lomon Swap, in "WSo Wants a Quints," and Maji
Wheeler, in "New Notions." The popular nautic
drama of "My Poll ami My Partner Joe will also be pe
foinied, and we doubt not to a well filled house.
Cc?- Aui aii ?v Mi lira ?This is the last night, bi
three, of the company ol Indian Warrior* and Si|uav
eugaged here. Their ceremonies, superstitions, dai
ces, ke. kc are highly interesting ; and half a eentur
hence, when the Rid Man has disappeared from amon
us, such an exhibition would be looked upon as the mei
interesting that could be produced. Yankee Jen kill
and the Albino Lady are only engaged this w eek. Th
views of the lirand Cosmorama are all changed, sr .I thi
magnificent establishment, as a whole, is well worth;
the immense patrouage continually bestowed upon it bt
citizens and strangi rs.
Da. Tailor's Balsam ok Livsrwobt.?This fa
fain- J medicine is counterfeited to a great extent. Pur
..r? /. .1.I... |AA 1 u h,.rn Ihiv till* Th
ottiee i? r.ow,and never has been at any otlier place thai
at H74 Bowery. WVtiustthat aiJ w ho regard justice o
horn-sty in trade and in the dealings wiln the sick un<
i ill ri.'g, w ill teadonly to37.'> Bowery lor thi( medicint
whioh toi nine years h'as Mood unrivalled in curing a]
diseases of the lungs aed liver, coughl, colda, ect
Cautiow?Counterfeiter*, without the leant show o
honest \. have imitated the latiela and wrappera with th
old number, 374 Bowery, or toil ia impoanible to di?
titiguisli the difference. Therefore all who heed our ad
vice u ill huy o.m. i at the original and o.vli olhce in thi
city, 37'> Bowrry, t>etween Fourth and Fifth streets.
Th* Aaomni?s RrreaLir?Said to hp recentl;
discovered in the interior of Pei u?a curious and amn
sing Wok. by Ka-Midshipman T Savage. B. C , mem he
of the Philosophical Society of Williamsburg?and of th
Antiquarian Society ofStateu Island, this day ptihliihu
for the author,by 8. COl.KMAN,
Id John street, up stairs.
MONKY MARKET
Tuemlny. Jan, 11 ?G P. III.
At the stork board to-day sale* were to a limited rs
e*t<>tit and prices fell. Delaware and Hudson J per cent
Illinois t; Indiana Sterling); Canton J ; Harlem 1}
Mohawk 11 ; Bank of Commerce Scrip 1 per cent. Sale
of bills on Philadelphia 5 per cent?Baltimore 4 pe
cent.
The Mechanics'Banking Association, a free bunko
this city, ha* published its semi-annual report- tin
Items of which were as follow* :?
Mechanics' Banking Association.
Discounts. SIS,417 Capital, (.14.001
D >. protesUd, -as 760 Profit and loss, 14,00
B >n.t? tiiil inurig i,'es, aus soo < irculaUou, 04,7m
Stocks.* 137 177 Depositors, 134,281
Real ht'Htr 41.361 Llivideuds, 741
Banking house. 31.370 ?
Furniture, lu'. 4.'>53 ?
S us pease. 4,674 ?
Rpeci <1 loans, 34 524 ?
Specie. 73 84T ?
Bills of city b inks, lot, 560 ?
Due from " 41.754 ?
$071,000 $871,00
This present* a worse state of affairs than was sup
posed. The capital of the b ink is entirely invested ii
bonds, mortgages and loans, according to this statement
The retire means of the hank consist in its circalatiot
and deposites ; the former it appears is $!>2.000?the dr
positrs are nominally $132,230 , but the bank has unborn
$101,000 of city bills; these, in the couise of the daily ex
Changes with the banks, nre paid out for the depositors
checks that come in from the other institutions, leav<n?
but $.10,720, which, added to the $92,7t*6 #f circulation
makes $123,800 aS the active means. These profess tob?
invested in the $215 447 of active assets. It is therefore
very evident that the institution is not paying its ex.
peusos, according to the return given.
In the Louisiana House of Representatives the report
of Mr Conrad, from the committee appointed on so much
of the Governor's Message as lelated.to Bank resumption
has not been acted on. That report tixes the timo that the
Banks shall resume specie paymuats at the 1st of August
next?a proposition which, under all the circuaistanct s>
it generally considered most reasonable and wise.
IThe hill abolishing imprisonment lor debt has passed
both Houses of the Indiana Legislature, by very large
majorities. The Governor will, we presume, give it his
approval. The Senate cannot agree upon a stay or appraisement
law. It is to be hoped all such laws will be
defeated. The question of repudiating the fraudulently
contracted State debt is also agitate 1, in both branches.
Mr Brown, of Denrbon county, from the committee on
the State U ink, has repotted in favor of paying the debt
due the Bank, out of other fund* of the State, reported to
be available; and also requiring the Bank to resume
specie i>aj mi nt The Senate, it will be recollected, has
already passed a resolution, requiring the Bank to commence
resuming its fives in April, andfull resumption in
August next.
The following table constructed from the report ofthe
Auditor of Ohio will show the manner in which the
banks have sought investments for their funds during
the past year, as well as the resoarcef for money to
which the great State of Ohio has been reduced
Loi-u maijk iv 1*41 at tim: Ohio Canal.fcCo* uisitnuaiu.
Stock Timt. .lint oj
From pledged. Loan.
Jure 15?Men hants'Bk., N. 11 , Jusu.ooti SO days 50.000
Maul at Uu ' 60 .000 60 ~ 50.000
"17 " " 60 " 20 000
" Bk of l orn. " 6<i ooi) I2S " so oOo
" at ' " 00,000 05 " 50,000
Ju'y* " " SO,000 SIBOI. 75,000
Auk 23 Manhattan Co. " 70,laio loo days 70.100
Segit 17, J. S.L-ke. temporary 50 000
" Bk. of Wouster, " 75,5*7
June 20, Btrmg Brothers. stinks in hand ill III
Kealiaeil from exchange 10 062
May 1, Krankliu Ilk.. Ohio. OOO.tMSO 0 to CI his. 500.000
Apiil 19, Chilicoilie Bk.. Ohio. 6*9.000 It to 96 " 501,000
Total loam, ...... $i,6t).?oO
These loans wart" mailt" generally at nix per cent interi-.t,
paid in advau?"e. The loan from the Manhattan
Company of June 17, was a renewal of a former laau.
The loan ol August 93, is a renewal of thoso of June
Joseph 8. Lake U the cashier of the Bank af Woocter,
and is himself the commissioner; hence the loans from
that souiee. The loan from Caring Brother*, w as a bill
4rawn for against stocks in their hauia. Of the
?an from the Franklin Bank, faOMU fell due on the first
of November, and was dishonored. The commissioner*
could do no more than draw from the State Trra ury
to pay the interest in advance to J muary 16, when
it again falls due.
Than* i* a good deal of excitement in eolation to the
possible repeal of the bankrupt law, which was passed
at the extra session, and is to go into operation on the
1st proximo. If the law had included banking institutions,
there would have been no great ofpucttons to its
operation. The banking interest throughout the country
w.i*. ho wcver/poweiful enough to exclude corporations
Irom its action. Sinco its passage, mature re flection
has shown them that the operation of the law, by
cutting otf their doubtful assets, will operate as (>ower
fully ti|K?n their inteiests as if banks were actually ineluded.
They have therefore aroused themselves, to
fo*ce its lepeil, and backed by the foreign manufacturing
and importing interests, there is some probability of
their being successful
It is to b' hoped that the great State of Pennsylvania,
will adopt s mt i lan by which she will be able to meet
her indebtedness. The position and resource* of that
State atcol a nature to render the payment of her debt*
? comparatively e??y. it almost exclusively supplies the
markets w ith anthracite coal. Of this icineral it sends
forth t 1)00,000 ton; per annum. Au imposition of a tax of
gl per tun.would no" in,.tenally interfere with the trade,
which n, a id must for years be to I'ennsy lvania a monopoly
. Tho operation would be to throw th. burden
of h>r debt upon the consumers of coal in other Statr*
nd the State rredit would again raise itself.
We have received the message of Governor Fait held
of Maine. It is short, clear, decided an 1 touches vigorously
and pointedly on the gre at subjects of interest before
the people. The debt of the State is # I 7'Hi,"?f) ~
This has arisen from a bounty on corn, omission of laxe*,
and " lor expenses incurred in resisting the atten |t
of a foreign j>o\ver to expel us from our rightful teunory "
The Governor {Kiiuts out the means of paying the debt
Independently of the distribution of the goverumint
lands lu relation to which ho has the follow ing .
No notice, thua far. has boon taken ol any amount to
tie received under the Act ol Congress, providing lor a
distribution of the proceeds o! the public lands, inasmuch
as I cheush the hope that that law will not long
be permitted to di'ligurethe statute hook. Deeming it
to l>e in violation ot the Constitution, tangerous as a, re
cedent, corrupting in its influences, a delusion and a
ch-Mt in tae good it proposes, a prospective burden to
the tax payer, and under all citcuinstances, an act little
ho:'* oi fatuity. I cannot retrain- from recommending
the adoption ot reoolution* upon the subject. and in
fraction* on yonr part to those who art* bound to obey
yon, to c*ert their influence to procure it* immediate
an 1 unconditional repeal.
Alter going a little into the injustice of the |n eaitire
he atate* a* lollow*
I would therelore not only repeat my *iigge*tion, that
reaolution* for ita repeal he adopted and transmitted to
Congress. and that the delegation from thi* Htiite he al?o
Instructed In reference to it. hut I would recommend fur
thvr.that thi* Stole irfuae to lauct.on it by a icception
of the money.
In diacuaking the condition o'the State bank* he hat
the following juat remark
That th? safely el the public might also be further *e.
cured hy requiring a wider specie baai* lor the circula
lion, aa'l eat. tiding to tbeie institution* the pro?i*ien? of
the bank i upt law. wi'l hardly admit of question. The
latter to he aure, I* beyond your control, tut it i* e
hoped, thit it will oolite tinnotice<l by C >?gre*?, in t ir
revision of thi* subject, which 1* anticipated.
I
ii' The message rloin vt rv emphatically in r?l?t?on to
lt: the position of the boundary amnion. He remarks that
the Treiiient, io hit Message, stated.tbat the negotiation
a- h?<l not advanced, and then stabs at follow! :?
T- "If from tbit circumstance, at wll aa liom the whole
history ol the case, you can discover any indication on
" on the part of (ireat Biitaiu, other than of a settled der
termination never p? uceahly to yield's luge portion
0 of the territory in controveray, you will be aaore fortudr
nate than I have been- The course which, under this
u* view, the general government should pursue, to my
r mind, admit'neither of doubt nor hesitancy. National
honor, us well as justice to Maine,clearly indicatesit?
. ami th.it is?to purge the soil of'this State, vtfrctually
" ami without delay, of every vestige of British encroach'
* ment. And then, if there ia to tie further nogotiatinn
n- upon the subject, let it be,on the part of Ureat Britain to
> II f it X i tl IV h fit fnr innni (Ivan o I.linelne .1 n AUn(..o? elvo
S has refused to yield- When a reasonable expectation
can no longer be entertained, that the General troveminent
H ill adopt this, or tome equally etticarious course,
if Maine la true to heraelf, the will take possession of
the whole territory, and if need be, use all the means
which i iod and nature have placed in her hands to maintain
it."
The report of the Treasurer of the State of Matsachuf
setts gives the following statement
_ The rem is mto the treasury for the i ait year hare been?
Hank tat $336,035 13
* Millionth 30,469 00
' lot-rent on drposi'es '3 469 00
i Mlir I'antons 15,340 03
j Total receipts $404,363 IS
Kipcudilurea hare beeu- S99 938 57
t{ Bilanre $4 361 61
e Which added o thr Mhsre o( last year firm as the sum in
l- the Irauu'y at the Ix-cmuing ?f the current
|. year *7,546 09
g The Sin*me h mid provided for the payment of tie debt in<
urrrd in the subtcriphon of the Coiuuiosweallh to the Wester
. liailrnad, amuiiuled.
On the 1st January, '841, to $5,711 57
f It has been inn eased by 9.315 74
r Amount on the 1st ins'sot *19.037 61
The amount of Western Railroad Sinking Fund on the 1st of
i J luuary, 1541, was $148 964 It
' There nar been added the past year 19,022 65
Amount on the 1st instant $167,986 96
fiiiles at ths Stock Kxckangs.
$inuo Illinois It. mis 17 r68 Delaware k Hudson 91
$ic00 do It! 23 , do 911
[. $suoo do i6j 50 (farmers'Loan 25
$2000 do inw 16 16 Boston & Proriience 90
$8009 Indiana Sterling Bd* IB 93 Canton Co. 171
$iuuo do la i 23 do 17
$5oop In liana Doll ?10 ih| ioo do h90 18
1 $4000 do 15] 35 Mohawk Sail road 56
r 5S si s Mechaiiirs' Bk 65 23 do sow 561
20 Merchants' Bk 95 100 do saw 55
50 Nation-1 Bk 94 25 do c 55
r 5 Slate Bk 77 50 do nw 55
too lik of l.'om scrip 87 45 Harlem Railroad 5
0 50 do s50 86 125 do 7}
50 du b6f 50 do thw 7;
50 Mech. Bkng Ass. >90 .51 SO do s3 71
14 do 52 56 do slO 7|
5 5 Delaware Si Hudson 93 10 do bl'lmoa 12
1 23 do 92l 50 do 71
; 25 do 6 not 89 fo Falerioa Railroad 51
II 5 do 921 109 do 1.60 fill
s loo do OW 90
Second Board*
>1000 Illinois IIlb stO 16 75 Harlem Railroad *2.130 7
louo do ?I0 15* 50 da 7}
>1000 do 8)0 16) 50 do 7;
>1000 do 17 25 do 7)
>1000 Indiana Bds 810 la) 50 do 815 7)
>1000 do 810 18| 20 Union Bank par
9 >2000 do b3 19 25 Dei & Hudson blO 91
>1000 do 810 18) 75 do blO 91
" >1000 do 810 18)
i 1
Married.
i On the 10th instant, by the Rev. Mr. Doughty, IIrnrv
. Wili.isoton Alkxamukr to Mrs. Mart Williams, all
of this city. *
' On the ioih instant, by the Rev. John M. ForbeB, Mr.
- Ukoriss. L. Smith, of Whitcstone, L. 1., to Miss Si s*i*.
nam T. Htamsbi hv, of Flushing, l. i. *
Died.
On the 11th instant, THrisciu, youngest daughter of
> Willi, m Donovan,aged 1 year and 0 month*.
The friends and acquaintance* are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral this afternoon, at 3J o'clock, from
his residence, 29 Washington street.
On the 9th instant, in tne 9th year of her age, Emsia
FiiAirs*,daughter of Francis Carne*.
Her remains will be taken to Mount Auburn cemttary
for interment.
Latctt Advlcea
received at the new vokk herald OrriCI.
Africa Oct. 3# Madras Mar. 20
Am Caye* Dec. 16 Manilla July It
Antigua Dec. 19 Montevideo Nov. {
Bombay Oct. 1 Maranham Nov. 22
Batavu Sept. 1 Matansa* Dec. 83
Bermuda Dec. 7 May ague*, P. R Dec. 24
Buenos Ayres Nov. 6 Maracaibo Aug. 14
Bahia Aug. 21 Matamoras Dec. 1
Belive.Hon Dec. 15 Neuvitas Dec. 17
Barbadnea Dec. 24 Oaliu, 8. 1. Sept. 20
Bogota Oct. 10 Paris Dec. 2
Berbice Sept. 27 Port au Prince Dec. 22
Curacoa Dec. 18 Para Nov. 3t
Ciaufuegoe Dec. 17 Pesnamhuco Dee. 10
Carthagena Nov. 30 Panama- June 18
C a rare as Nov. 26 Rio de Janeiro Nov. 30
Chagre-a July 1 Singapore Aug. 30
Callao July 9 Sydney, NSW Auk'. 5
Calcutta Sept. 17 St. Helena "
Kayal Oct. as St Thomae Dec. 18
Gibraltar Nov. 3 St. Bart* Aug. to
li jayama, P. R Sept. IS St. Japo de Cuba Dec. 19
Oonaivsa-** Dec. It St. Johns, P. R Oct. 27
Ualvettun Ore. 29 St. Croix Nor. 19
Havre Dec. i St. Martha Not. 27
Havana D?c 25 Suriiian Aug. 22
Halifax Dec. 29 Tainpico Dee. 1
Jeremie Sept. i Tobaaco Aug. 91
KuiTstmi, Ja. Dee. {15 Turkalalauit Dec. 17
Louden Dec. 3 Trinidad de Cuba- Dec. It
Liverpool Dec. Verm Crux Nor. 20
La tiuayra D-c. 10 Valparauo Sept. 8
Lima July 10 Yucataa Dee. 2*
Macao Aug. 24 Zanzibar Oct. 2
New York Post O/Ttce.
roat Office open* at 8 o'clock, a. M.
14 " cloaca at T " r. m.
Openoa Sunday from 9 to 10 A.M., and 12i to li r. M.
Alii,IV VL AM) DEPARTURE OP THE MAIL*.
Dut. doeei
Nnrthrcn Mail 6 A. M. *t r. M.
fiaeteru Steamboat Mail, via Stoniugton,
daily, except Sunday ? 9 AM. I P.M.
fcaatiru Stcainnoat Mail, ria New Haven,
daily, except Snndaya T P.M. 1 r. M.
Kastrim Laud Mail, which learce Sunday
uniraiitf. cloaee Saturday 9 P.M.
ICueterii way Mai^viaHailem.Weetcheeter,
!surwalkja?;_daily^c*ce|d_8uh<laye^^^*_e_j^__t_^^
Foreign Importations,
Nrw< atta ?Haiti Finland?1t9 chaldrona coal li B Morewood
Si co?59 bb ted paint 20 hl-di Uinphlick 49 caeca indee
Paleu Si Cole-ate.
MARITIME HERALD.
POUT OF NKW YOltK.JAM till l*~
iwt mix* 7 vo | moot fi 58
VP 4 4u I WATCH 9 45
Departure of the At IhhUo Steamere.
phom Litraroot. pbom poitom.
Britai.ni Jan. 4 Feb. '
< ?lcd nia Feb. 4 Mar. 1
Acadia Mar. 4 A?ril 2 I
Par.Ustato Arrive. I Farkcti toDepart.
Lnffi?oft I I rmnow.
Wellington,< htuLwick, Not 2t) I Mot treat, OH ifing, Jan. 12
I 'Quebec, Heb.ir?t, Dec. I I G ariutor, Rntton, Jan 20
LITKRKAOL. I lltr usnnt
S <'o!? Nor. It Stephen Whitney, /u. )3
Wo. Wellington, Nor. US Columbm, Cropper, J?o. 19
havki. Htm.
fatly, Thomiwon, Doc 1 St Nicola*, 1'rll, I Lb. 1
To tlA*tt-i?a of Veaaela.
. Crinannuderf of ves.rla mil confer a favor by having i lift
of tkrw cargoM, pa?*< uyrra. and a report of vraaela lei. at
I ihr y rt whence th y *ailr<t, a>i-l the veaarla apokru, raady
pu ll* ir arrival her* fjr Commodore Hiatrtt.rf our fleet
I (M noara arhooncrf. Ha will board tlirm immediately *D
their arrival.
Cleared.
| Ship l"_itl?arine. Brrr v. I'harlratun. t>en cn?on -Barka Kv
I l id. W.irr! ll.iv.tna, M Taylor. Toulon, llicli. < tu..y.iin i, It f
I Bach.?Waiy Avarill, Match (? iree. H Ht ntlimaytl k
Son?Sckr Sagaiiihock, lituld, Wilmington, NC. It a 11 k
Vote. .
Arrivad.
Bark Finland, Mr.i l, ft in NewcaaUa. Knf. via Newport,
I HI.'J da) a v here ahe put ut abort ol i roHuoiu,iiulac,In li b
I Morwwond k- v.
] gwediah b ark N. ladrii, Wackm tn.TI <laj airom Trap.ni, aalt,
i to inantrr.
Br ? M rjeoua. II irrna. frni* Smyrna, Stib Sept, an ! />tbralt
y ttli Nov. f rint, Sic. to K Fiedler k DolilL-r pHoeugtr*.?
Vraerlf left before repor ?d.
Hr.li*ii hug Ilritiah Ku y, Haiti n. 9) >laja (mm tilwpia,
imU*. to ortlrr? * PMt COgert
Hamburg brig Trait, Bruau. <* dtv* from Bu-nov Ayrea.
wiik! J :#tl hidaa lit bale* to ClooeHae k So. Ve. left brine
ttr'y \:i.!rnsri ;ui, t hurt loll, If t!at f from Am Caye#, with
m iluavhr i . | u?i M uien. i he A. war hoar.le?l 50 mil w
nih o' llu liig: l luie on Sunday. I) the N? w Viyfc ptl it In)at
Jamra Avery.
tSche J hu W I a> lor, 5 il iya front Baltimore, Wiiii uidte, to
the in utrr.
Below. 1
Oue ' ri_ . Wind NNF. fuggy.
OenartU Kcrortl.
Tn*'! iHir yovTttcii, for Loudon, i* again detained. She
will* il to-day, w. Cher permitliig. Her letter :nja are at 1
I liilri'i'r.
Sent Outr, MifiiiiU, fwr) Wilaiinetoa E9C>viiHlMV
,.n " > . II 1 Iiuhl. udbTn. latafuloltber ,
r wafer TlteeiiM, ,
bethink* will ail It tartd,'lit ugh damaa.d I rew all .ate ?
i ir.o ? loilow- -SI bom ilisia I) B Mortwnod & I o J' '
bale* cotton !*p II Til k hl-i oi. im 'I, ,1,
L-ri! k Sir"-, ... I li .ink S pk?< \V Hauwhl..i ;? h.le.'coltoO !
|? eaaea teed J <> a- feather. Lee Dater k Mi lt; fis t,ir. 1
pelil ne W. dtiu I It Miulnrii 'I lie i e..el will | o t i.'b. , I
lone. Vet-el and e irgo ?alu<<l ?t tbmt filj.tog-ta.m il o,., [
MV< i
Mtir Asiioer ? -11 ; M alem, *1 New O l'*n?. rep rl* hat ,
I ie p ?? ?! B II e UTtn wit latge ?hip a>)i re on si ij. Kej ,
Wo alt Willi wr-ekert around I er ,
Hit r Poli-Mti , U? rry, oi. Iitr |<a?.age from Aleiti.iln* In N i
Orleaia look fire when t uaj i out. bat wa* got urn er witli
m doing biiwIi da nut' 'I'lv pawengtrt hire publitli'iJ ? rod
lo plH?ir? and hit rr?w, ret ruing i lnuk t tolt.e* foe their
noble coi duct on tin* ir thllitl oceMinti
i?Mir Maiu ? 1 li Sulaet e nil to bring home tbr_ largo,
ffire.e mid rrr* of Irn -hip Maria, of New York.Captnu
II imnioiid.roailrninrd at ihe l.leof Prance. In eail ihout I St h
mpt
LioiWi.K I il r?.i m? Lrm??1 he foreign arrii al? during
Ihrloi >ear. at f hilad-ltdm. were *J thipt, .SJ huge. Iff geht.
ST birlu i tin ip?, I .teainboat?total S.'S
Spoken.
St '.awreur-e, from New Orlrgu.fr Liierpool, Dee Join, off
L oi K- y.
A pphi i, front K? euton NC. for ihe Mouth. Dee ft. litjl It \.
I n >> It.
Nr*l|ii Porto.
II i Li ran, Dee It-CId Mh unror k, ( arrell, N Vork. i
II ?? ? Die *?? 111 port. I nlbert. I uba Lome* I* piJ. I.I i
in i and I.fill i. ili.f Wfaudot. Osfora. Hid Hentietla, wtg f'
Anie ii?, aiul I'lvmou h fur H >a!on I lg; aniui. NOrleana
<'?> Margaret. lor MkUiiu, sti ed 'il l. to linil for Bootou:
(ileal er, (which ? as my 11110 Mdt.m/a- 331) alao 2:d, to load
fur Mu.cillm.
Powcn.PR P-etT?fn port. Condor. Ha'er, for NYork via
May agio a, 3 ur 3d..ye; 1'iiiU, ting, Pearl, ?uy|..,aed fur New
Orwai,
United RUlti Porta.
E*?i roll r, Jan l?Arr 1 le, Norwood, NYork; Texan,do,
Id Olile. Leigllto", do.
Pr?:a I?lb.J 'ill-Arr Boston, Bray.NYork.
Csstixk, Jau 3?Arr Win kHally,"Baltimore; 5:h,Ton.iuin,
BoetOh.
Wise ii?lt Jan 9?Cld y.itile, (new ) Havana, (previously reported
eld let for Tnuidad); Eliza Matauzaa.
Owl's Hr:ii>, Jan I? Arr Lancet. laimltn for Cliarleaton ?
Slli?Passed tlir ugh, Megunlicook, I new) C. indeufor NOilna.
Bid 5 aclia unk, bound W.
(jLOt'CKirrit, Jan 7?Arr Mary Kimball, Boston for Thornastou:
Delaware (Jrafton. Bvdney for NY' rk; Krudnskeag,
Kennebec lor the Bacilli; Alnu uak, Thoinaston lor Norfolk;
Mat Klower, NYork lorTHouiaalon.
Nhwuuav roll r, J ,n s?f'ld Panchita, Porto Kico.
Bai.i.m. Jan 9?Arr Ecliiwe, Uuallali Ballou, Sumatra, Aug
36,8t Helena Noe 14
Boarox, Jan 10?Arr Rouble. Client la- had eery aeveregales
froin N W off the Ca;>e, from S pt 31 to Nov t Touched and
ailed Im Si Helena Nov 9 'The English ship Cruaader, at St
Heleua, spoke au English ateainer off he I .ape thai had loat
two iiidJeri and wan repairing aaoiher; ale hid alio loat oue
of ker paddle hexes. ai d other wise injured. The H haa liad
very bad wealhei far tin lut IS daya. Tliomaa Davis,rook of
the R, died at Caleuila 3d Aug, and Berj Bomea, 1st officer,
died at aea Nov 34 Alio arr. America, Havaua. Arr 9th, Ceylon,
do; Abatract. Hap, ahaunock?reprrla that a fore and alt
sclir, fin Portland f r Alexandria. w< ut ashore at Wood End,
near Prov incetown harbor, on Friday night, and remained Saturday
afternoon, full of waier, Metropolis, Norfolk. Arr 8th.
Lueaa, Charleston; Forett, Poi.ee PR?got off Lovcll'a Island
without die*, and we believe without damage: Elizi Burgesa,
Cienliiegoa 17th nil?left no Am venael. cld Wm Penu, Philadelphia;
Hnrd, Richmond.
Pi.vmol'th, Jan 3?Arr Flora, Baltimore; 7th, Charlea, dr.?
L/m r air r'ay. at i nomas.
New BiDf'oan, Jan 8?Arr Frances Norfolk; Bth, Jesuette,
May hew. NYork.tofit for whaling; Pomona, aheruian, New
York. Sid Louise. Van Hagen. do.
Hulmu Halt.Juni-Arr Ware, BJtimore; Pope, Bartlel
t, N Yo k?botli for Plymouth, aid, all the vnaih bouud W
Sid 6lh, all the eastern bo ;ud tcsstld. No vers*! tu port at 3
p in.
Phovipvut.. Jan 8?Sid ''hainpion. Appleby. NYork. Arr
Ih. Pyrrtus, IVr'ect, anil Warrior. Kli/.abeth Cl y NC; Union,
Baltimore Hid Hoe, no; Orray Tafr, Charleston.
N kwfokt, J all 6?Arr Bride, and Elizabeth, fin Boston; Darid
Alkin*. and I'reilou, Prorincetowu?all for Noifolk, and
Id Bill?wind NK moderate. The ichr Antoinette,before reported
aai.ore on the SW point of this inland, went to piece* ou
Thursday night lu a southerly Mow. and ha* been abandoned.
Hi- had be*u partly tilled with rank*, wlirn thertormcame on,
and n hen ih tide nut she drift- d aloi g shore, thumping ou the
rocks until she broke up Hlie had been previously ilrip|ied of
all moveable*, a ols.rigmng Sue.
I'iiil iDKi riiiA, Jan 11?C'ld Pet n, Boston; Jesse M I until.
Franklin La.
Savannah, Jan 8?Cld Anrelim, Liverpool; France* Ann,
Mobile; Billow, New Bedford.
St.* Opi-aans, Dec 30?'-Id 1 hracian, N'aniz; Octaulgse,
Lravitt, New Yoik Arr Delmaua, Boalon. 3lit?( Id Hottinguer.
Crabtree. Liverpool; r.dward, Havre; Lime Rock
Charleston. Arr Duml-ieshire, Belfast, Ireland; Lehigh Rio
Janeiro; Charlotte. Boston; Natch i, do; Marv, Baltimore;
America, Kincton, Ja, via Port Royal; Joriu Kuremia, Havana;
L' 8 irlir Essex, Cedar Keya. Ka.
PORTUGUESE FEMALE PILLS.
THK.SK lar-lamed ana c> lebr.iled pills, from Portngal, are
we perceive, to be obtained in this country Se? advertiaement
or, the lael lolniuiiof fourth page. tike im'ia
TJ AILROAD MEETING.?Old Ninth Ward must do her
Y duty.?The citizens of the NinlhWard arr urgently called
upon to attend a public meeting at Jefferson Hall, at the corner
of Hudson and Lliarlt * streets, ?n Wedurt lay evening
January 13, at hall past 7 o'clock, for the purpose of conferring
together, and adopting buch tneaua as is la st calculated to secure
the sjierdy corapleti- u of that treat work, so e-seutialto
the prosperity of this city,the New Yoikaud Krie Railroad.
Several ..ddresse- will he u ade by gwitltmen competent, to
show the importance u| this road to the commerce and pros
perity of New York
Freeman Campbell, 1
John V. Orerufield,
Horace Si John,
William M rndcville,
John W. Harris,
Johu Morse, > Committee.
M Li uu rd,
David U. Doreuius,
Garr it < irrt-u.
I aieimr'ii roncr, I
.Io*e|ih Crowell, J jt2
RAM.KOAI) MEETING.'-Fifth Ward, Atteulioul-The
citizens ofthe Filth Ward, without distinction ?f party or
profession, are respectfully r- ipiestrd to sttrnd a meeting at
Riley'*6th Ward Hotel, thisevening, January IS. at kmfpast
7 o'clock, for the purpose of responding to the reer lug h Id at
Nitln's uu the tMtn ult , anil taking active measures in aecure
the ait-edy cauii<l> tiou of that important tuteipriae, the New
York and trie Railroad.
Hufui L. Lord, ?)
K It. Miulurn, (
1. C. Hamiltpn, I
Hubert Jones, ) Committee.
Robert Centre, I
Thai W. Ludlow, i
C.Denisnn, Jr. J jl<]
r-HAND VOCAL CuJJCEHT. by 1 He, KAlNk.t?S
1* OR TYRULEHE MIN9TRF.L8-Wko moat reapedfully
announce.ou their return to tint city, that having received
an addition of two to their number, from tne Tyrol,
making five performers. Ikry are enabled to give a murical entertainment
worthy of patronage, and offer the following programme
of their tiret Concert, at the City Ho'el.this evening,
January IS, when they will appear in tlieir new winter coaItuoe.
Put I.
I. liana d<s Vaehea (first time in thiacountfy)
S The Fair Maid (ill the style of a waltz) Rainer
3. The. Free Couutry, Quintette llainer
4. Grand Match of the Haiuera llainer
Part II.
1. The Fisher and l it little Wife, with echo on the
stage by Simnu Rainer
5. There itno hoine like my own, three voices Malibran
3. Th?Tyrol?ae in America llainer
4. Bass Solo?U,tt was not my own native land Brough
S German Drinking rung, (comic) with laughing
Rainer
Tart 111.
1. Friendship? Quintette Rainer
5. Sweetheart? .ruelt and ehorua Rainer
3 Rock'd iu the cradle of ihe deeii?tenor solo Knight
4. The Millet's Maid?tenor solo and chotus Kaiuer
4 Sneezing Song (comic) Rainer
Pampnlets, contain,ng the Get men songs translated, can be
obtained of the door keeper.
Single tickets $1 For a gentleman and two ladies $S Children
half price. l o be obtained at the principal music stores,
and at the City Hotel.
Conrert to < oauni nt e at h elf past 7 o'clock. jls it*
1 KISlI PROTEST ANTS are informed that a society is now
1 ill ensteace in New York termed the Emerald Protestant
Mutual Brn'-rtt an t Benevolent Society of the State of New
York, its o-jecU are to promo e social iuterconise among its
members, to afford mil ill I Deuefr. in iai? of sickness or death,
to aid the indicant re.idi nt. end to afford eoausel, and, wlien
necessity. pecuniary assistance, to tlia frieudlrss strauger arriving
here.
'I I . r I, T.,?.-.1 c.. r ' '
A ,n -> >u .....mi in 01 unrroii.tr, and
dun of thrre shillings pee mouth for oriliuar) mrtnlu rs
Th? > uric in sickness it three dollar* per week, aud In the
event of death provision i? made lor the funeral expensrs.
The Society t? " Emerald." Kiret, to distinguish it from
others; and.secondly. by a simple aid inoffeasive epithet to
rrfrc?h the m* mory #f tnose who luve to dwell on uriuy of
the associations oi fatherland '
It ie "Pruteelant " because its fousders thought it expedient
to make it eurh. In forming associations of any kind, men no
lualiy ere It kindred spirit* end thereby render more hern onioue
and effective tueir ronituned efforts. Kxyierieiire haa
proved the utility and tie sssitv of this course. for whin
cietiee have been formed of coatlictisg opinions, ft e r- suit h u
frequently btcu au aborti >n, or the sutnersiou ol the original
leatga of Ike fonndere, Th' utility aud necessity ol the Riutuat
benefit department inu?t be ei ident to all who consider the
Uncertainly of health aud worldly prosperity. And wlie tliat
ha? been a stranger tu a strange lauil. and subjrctr J to the tnconvenietieee
aud deer pi tone practised ou th unwary, and will
in t hid <??d speed the Benevolent department.
When this Society w as first formed, its cueir ies?lor strange
to say ii had such?frowned i pou it, and it* timid frieudii predicted
it* speedy dissolution. But, despite of the former, aud
tor the encouragement ot the latter, it now stands cr.et, aud
Hearly two yeaisoht. witlueit snv signs of di-te>lnliaa ,.r detuy.
audio farrtie designs ol Ms founders have b?en realised,
fiood will leve aed unanimity pervade I he me interchip, aad
to encouraged do they Ire!.that they irk-nd, a* other societies
have done ,to apply to Hie L-gnd cure fora charter.
To Irtth Protestants, tint their sous w:J g-androoa. the Society
now siys.eotne and p?*i u* and *< will do you good; you
shall with us Ik mutually benefitted. ami be afforded, loo, the
opportunity ot ameliorating much of Ike distress f'P %y, and
! caption practised upon, the InracVm alranger aniviog
here
The Society meets on the second Thursday ' rruing->fevery
month, st 7i o'clock, at 3d Can >1 street, U| stairs, w I er-, during
ll>e mertii g. copies ot fee t'onslitulicn aud By liiws cm
be obtained, or at any other time at I44< ir.md street,
j It -it
HUTCHINOI TOMAf H BITTKK*-Kor Dyspepsia
assisting Digestion. W- aknrss. I?csa of Appetite Nervous
Disoidrrs and Might Sweats?The leading priir iplr of
tbi<?,ir>!iciue is to strike at I. i origiou utwaid diseases : being
st leo.ed Ironi nature's great >. getabie enty orium. it isat nncea
s iiev-ign anJ hav.nlcss tetoc ijr. Half a wineglass Cos becu
know I to give immediate n il I It iaal.r a Terr pleas-.nt hitter.
The foliowug* is train Dc. E. U. Lud. iw. No. 634 ,Broadway
c?I
here us?d your bitters, 11 cases of a.nraircd dtp.-stioo,
where vrgrlahle ta llies weri cnili?prn<alik . with a his firt I
tea ill. The articles of which ol is co.-tipi>srd are very Jitdiriously
combined. s:id I have us doubt wi.1 prove seevi^ablr
in the es ses for whim yuu liars recommended it.
Vours. fc." Kowsj t> (J. Loclo.v.
from . iaiil iisrl.t ropneiore1" the Bank Coffee House, No
38 I'nsstreet I?
Dear S.r?I ice you ' are brought your Slo narh Kitten be
fore the p.thlic \ ou otiay nlrr t-ny person ti. nic for its good
pialitits. I was so weak, owing to d> bi ity from d> sptoeia,
orsotnr st er coinplmat, th st I dd not know what to ?k ?
Vour Bittura cured me V? U will 'eeoltect I felt grateful, a, ,I
sent y ou a bottle of toy t led Cine, viv.: a bottle, t f i Id port. I
gate *omaa>f your bit ?cs to a frteud, who was ruffertng ac .1
w as at.il she tells me it laid the taim. rffict up >u her as onsfe.
1 sura 'in _ _ D?vn> Karl.
won ' in) w in i' niMt .1 urng wmre, 15ce'owrry, cor I
aer ol' Broome it. Price St "eotr perijlt'r.
AI?o for <W. at the rawe place, Ike Brnuinr lir. Taylor'* '!
D* > on of l.iKcwnrt. from the Widow . at 3*9. ill tin* j
'th'lr. (iRRAV KIRK OK 18 * "H I e !.?r 11 iki i in I inn of I
1 bnnke. paper* nut muni y til.*. prodnvd the great and i iliiabb
ilinMiriyof c< mpa iiten which i? a noo conluclor of
heat.and haa h*** a atiplied to th* Salainatid. r Iron r*nf.\ at patr
ml hy K. Wiutr. S-ince that tune it my lertr h?v>- brrn
ni.i l. a-i fnrnaccr, unit inltitii.nK Indldli ga, ?iui in no w etaoc.hai
r tliry failed to irotrct tin- c aatriitr.
The public are met P'li'i.ely .mired that rtery Sat male
hy Wilder. UilioM Sf the subscriber, wi.i hrr.pwl toau; that
have hie* trrteai.
a ttrnrul Morttr it on I and. (?r m ide to crd-r) rod for
I ilr hjr
SII.AS C. flEKKINO S.de \grot,
i12 1w No III Witwilieett
],'("! NL) V 1' ilbl .. tin ill Mm of MaArj V> I.ieh
" the ow i.er eanhaee hy p.oei 8 pro. trtr an I plying advrr.
liarmeut, at the < due of JOH \ li WKSlll L,
jit Jl* 9 fj Id e reel.
ty S i i. I - II 1 r. \ ' . I . . ..... 'hula
enue loan Amrrica:. gentleman, who wuh a to heroine
Well ea.jaunted wit I the Knttlu't I.at go ge. ||r rinJrt in
he low. r p irt of li? city. and w ehr* to take lefenn* at hie own
oorn in the i t. tng. Ac Ursa 1'hilad- | lna, at thie otTtre with
eel neine, plac of rt.idmo , ant r-iermre, aid rlatr wh.re
in iuti rview CMt belnd. -None nerd aj p y iiul.ee w.-ll ijuili*4
inn*
1 M PORT ANT Tl) Kf.MAI.KS?Th re ia larger! af^i"
I fewale ia lire city. who. fr m tkrir cnqtinaed einmg, to
ahirh t wr ocropati on i"?e thru, ate iffrct. d wi.h eo- tierire
a whfrh giee* rirg to palpitation at the he^rl on the Irart
. r K>n, ? nrr nf he?Tiii?? eiler.dii.g o?a r ilie wh-de head, nil
ranre of light ?nd round, all inabilt y o' rt- i g the a te Hon
o any mental operation, r-.mlhug of toe bowc'a, aonittimr
a ranee ..| tiiffoeation. < rpeciallf alter r it air wh-n any e?a rtion I
it oeeal. a*going tip It lire, trmpei ftfk'e, thcue * * rymp oui*
w. ich > i.l.t at once to * e ? .lore* ot the Br.ndreth Pill. j
Hie ocruiowat ure n'thie reedfgine would eatradeal of in.- |
i'1'and ye.i? ni .off. ring. One or two. or earn three, of the .
Ftrandrnh Pilla met heloredinner, are cfteh foond highly hent i
h lal; many uee ihrrn rery Mdeaiitageoiirlr IB til r way : the) i
nd md a.eirt di {ration, rn Uite t lie howrllto a prot ai a on Ji- .
HOW "I I*n thr-I ,r It im Jilt tlearn. r? to the complraion. I
puiii) I lie blod aad pi..mo'r a gMiend feeing of health and |
i.apptner*. Sold at l?r Bnndirtf"? office,*41 Broadway, a'r
renta i r hna, nithfn I d.rertionr I
lir Bmpdrrih t retail . th >rt Hn.lron rtiret. n< ar Canal
. <7S B iwery. and t7a S-core a'r . t
Oh.aita Hat i he label* oe lachbojo the genuar contain.
Wailrtteea jtof ,
v , . I SON.- P raaalia L pfjre HoweTriTe <
? t tar ?|rrrt ?Weteaal Pur a-id.a ,, V, will b. .
dirt, d Hue day aad ar ted up la tha ...n.l it anccr. at J7|
i?r|hfe < ltoe!o-li.
1 it* Jon* n. brown.
HOWE'A HYt.EAN HOREHOUNO CANDY#?A pie*
i inl and spied) rure for cnushi,sore throat, loss of voice
and al diseases amine from odd ; also for brouchiti*. N<
vile drags iu thisprepaiaiiou. which la, uo'doubt, lac beat in
the market, being perfectly cafe, and at the unit ti?e elRc-rioiie.
4M Broadway, corner of Howard. j||9'i>'
ct. TAVLint's nALDAM U> LI VTuvFoRt.?For
eeveral jreara I siiMrrril with a in. a' distressing cough sad
eertre cam in the ude anil cheat, and had tried uiany rtinrdiee
for relief, but found none, until I procured the Balaam of Liv
erwort, from *11 Bprin* street, whit h al once cured me. Mali)
of my friondt hare nlao u ed this medicine from the same
I (ace, with great beneGit. CATHARINE KOWLEll.
IOC King atretl. near Hudson.
CotetrMrTton Ct nco ? 1 w?? at iheverge of theyrave, wh?n
my ph) Hiri.ru admit ted he could not do any morn lor me. Mv
symptoms seemed of the worst kind I had loet all strength
end appetite?mi cnsgli would c. .ni in li's, and I had wasted
to a mere skele'ou? daily I seem-u growing worse, until every
week threatened to be my lest When my de-paii bad lost all
hope, as it were, there whispered hope still. I had taken Or.
Taylor's Bal-am of Livrrwoi t from ill Spring street, but a
short tin e, when I found my appetite and strength returning
and daily improved as I continued its use,and have b- en eutirely
cured. WM. WEEKS. Sands street. Brockly n.
Reference can beniadeto many physicians of Broookly and
New York, and many respectable p-rsi,n?.
The quantity of tins medicine now called for at Ml Spring
reel, is quite incredible. So certain are ite g md e Meets that
all* who follow directions in its use and do uut fiud relief, receive
back Ins cost of th? msdieide. <t-ih tm"
TO A NUMEROUS CLASSIMPORTANT
to thoie whose ccopatious lend to produce
or aggravate disease. This class of individuals is very numerous.
Thry are those who work in ?n unhealthy atu oai?hire.
Printers, workmen in leather (tores, stone ratters,
bakrrs, white lead manufacturers, art all more or less suhj et
to disease, according to their strength and constiiuti< n. i he
only method to pievrnt disiaee is the occasional ust of a medicine
which abstracts from ihe circulation all deleterious hu
mors.and eipels tbem by Ihe bowels. Tomes many form are
it) irious, as they only put oil the evil day to make it more fatal.
The use of Brandreth's Pills w ill insure health, because
they take all impure matiers out of the blood, and the body Is
not weakened, but strengthened by their operaliou, for these
valuable pills do not foice. but they assist natuie, and are not
opposed, hul harmoniie with her.
?nid at Diwi> unr. ins omce, an Droauway.at 25 cents
per bo*, wholesale aud retail'
Retail office*in New kork?ld7 fiuJsoa jtreet, 276 Bowery,
and 17ft Second *tr*et.
()b*erve that the lahelson each bo* of the genuine Brandreth
Pill* contain WW letters. jmt*
1r\ iWiH HORNS?Taken from cauls slaughtered in lhi?
/ Ojv/V/v/ city. Korsale. in lot* to *uit purchasers by
the Butcher* Hide Aiaociatiou, corner 6th (treet and lit Avenue
<17* lai*
ct^HE BRANDRETH ['ILLS are ?old at 241 Broadway,227
1 Bo* ery, 165 Hudson itrret, an 1 ITS Srcoud alreet, at
cent* per box. w ith direction*.
Ot?" CANKER OK THE MOUTH
Pore mouth from canker, ulcerated or lore throat, pain in
the breaat bone, are speedily cured by a few doirt of BR\N
DRETH's PILLM. Three unpleasant aud paiulul complaint*
are all cured by purifi iug the flood.
Seven year* have nearly clanged ainee the Brandreth Pill*
were firat introduced by Dr. Ilrnjnmin Brandreth. into the
United State*,and he i* happy to a*/ that they are atill in fvor
with lite American public, aud that their reputation t* *t*IJ
on the iuereate.
It is scarcely rcessary for Dr. Brandreth to assure 11*
friend* that he en .unu< hi* unremitting care and persona1 at
teution iu the manufacturing department of Hie Brandeih Pills:
or Uiat they ?re entirely tree from Chemical or Miueral pre
Iiaraiion*. these fact* being well known aud'ukderttood to be
n. While Mercury and bleeding and other deleterious reme
die* are becoming more slid more unpopular, the braialeth Pill*
are eiteuding the sphere of their usefulness by the appreciation
of a generous public.
* BRANDRETH PILLH.
Secu 'y to thr I'aUons of Braudreth'a Pills.
NEW LABELS.
fg7- The N?w Lab I* on a single bo* of the Oenuiue Brandre
h's Pills, contain SU63 LETTERS!!!
In couseuueure ol tlie- great variety of counterfeit labels ol
pretended Brandreth"* Pills, aud which, in many instance*, so
nearly resembles, in outward appearance, the genuine of the
old style as often to deceire t' e uuwa y. Doctor Rraudreth,
acting uuderaseuse of duty to the public, has employed these
celebrated artists, Messrs. Perkius aud Lurand, who hare succeeded
in producing, at grrat coat, three new labels, from
si eel. of extreme difficulty ?>f execution, and ol *o complicated
a nature, as to amount to au impossibility of imitation, being
considered by judi e> a master piere in the art of engraving.
The border of the top, aud also of the under label, is composed
of the most elaborate aud eh*sb< patterns of lace work.
Tocrownlhe climax of these beautiful labels, ths i *per on
which they are printed is yrrvicusly priuted with Red Ink.
after a design so exquisite and so minute as to defy compeli
mi; the top and the under label each contain the wupl*
"benjamin bkandheth's pills," written in red
tDk nearly two hundred tiines?the lop aud under label containing,
therefore, upwards of fire thousaud letters.
There is aUo upon the t?P. the under, and the side label, two
lignatiirts of Or. Krendrrth; one being hi* regular aigtiatu'e,
!hu*?B. Braodreth; and the other his full signature. thus?
Benjamin Hrandreth; both being fac-similes of the writing of
Dr. Brandeth, to imitate which is forgery!
The Brandreih fills having <hese labels upon them, can be
relied upon as the true aud genuine.
Dr. brandreth's Principal Office, 841 Broadway, n.y.;
other ollic?ain New York, 187 nudson street, 276 Bowery, and
175 Second street. <'2* end I4t*
important to Pi' n'LlO SPtuA*KKS-Uint. : kour
1 valuable preparation of Hnrehouud deserves a few remarks
from my own eiperirnce. Being in the habit of addressing
frequently large meetings, and ray constitution rendered susceptible
of cold, I found ;ny strength and h-alth gradually decaying,
my spirita ?i- king, my lunga failing, and my voice
falertng fast, la fact I had lost all hopes, and eaery hour
ieartul of buratiug a Mood vessel, when your Horebound
Candy and the cures it had effected reached me. 1 believe
I took but one pvliigr, when every unfav' rable symptom dis
appeared, and my general health evidently improved. I leel
now regenerated so cnmp etely that I am freely empowered
ts speak and act belter than I did three years ago. My appr
tlte is good, and my gen-ral health restored You can make
any useyou please of this certificate, w hich it would be injus
lice to withhold from ihe public as wt II as I ourself.
J. WELCH, 144 Gold atrert. Brooklyn.
. Agent lor the Bro <kl>nTemperauce
Society.
To Messrs j. Pease a Son, 45 Division .trret.
Each envelope of the genuine Candy is signed in full, " J
Pease It Son. 45 Dia ision street," of wliom it Can be obtained
...I...U..U ?...! r.t .1
Agent*. Ruahleu k. Aapinwall, 110 Broadway. 10 Aftor
Houfr anid H6 Will iam (trect; Drigga, (81 Broadway: Timp on,
corner of Fulton Ik. WUIiain afreet; Sainia. all Centre it;
Wendowar. 141 Kiel Ih Avenue; Dr. 8> un>, Druggul, 63 Bowcry:
Agnew, 300 Hudaon slrerl; Lecount, corner af Grand
ai'd Diviainu airrrl: Youne. lie >'?' al alrert. jg
EMITTAM KS TO ENGL AND, IRELAND, AND
SCOTLAND ?DralU from ?\, ?i, ?i, ?s,?lt. Xig.lo
jEIOcO,aud npwardv .payable at eight or at aixtydayi, at the
following libera iu England, Ireland and Son laud, can alwava
be obtained of 8. J. SYLVESTER,
130 Broadway and 2*2 Wall at.
1R EL AN D,
Athloae, Dunganoon, Monavhum,
Armagh, Dungarven, Mulluio,
Uelfaat, Dublin Moneyoiore,
llallina. Pitnjcarvoe, Nenagh,
Bainbridge, Kuuiakillen, New Hon,
Hallvmcua. Knn'i. Oinegh.
Bandon. Knniacnrthy, Parionatown,
Ballyahannon, Ke nioy, H >aci>miroD,
Ballanaeloe, Galway, Roeerea,
Boyle, Downpitrick. Sligo,
Cork, Kilkenny, Strabane,
< lonmel, Kilrueh, Thurlee,
Colrratne, Limerict. Tiyperary,
Cavan. Londonderry, Tralee,
Cootehill, Lvrgan, Tuam.
Catrirk on Suir, Longford, Tallow,
Caahrl, Loughrea, Wat.rf.rd,
Charleville, Mitchelaiown, Wexlord,
Canllebir, Moate, Youghal,
ENGLAND.
London. Birmii.gliam, rrraton,
Liverpool. Lceda, Brietol.
Maneheater, Lancaster.
SCOTLAND.
Edinburgh, Greenock. Dundee,
Gl argon,
FRANCE.
Taria, Har t.
GERMANY.
Hamburg, Bremen, Frankfort,
TVraou* having t a remit to II e r frirndacan alwaya rely on
heir ordera attended to, ilie following packet after receipt of
wntUn'e
The highret rate wiF hi allowed for billa on any ofttie
ibeee place*. _ jg la
T TNI TED STAT Es HOTEL.?The umler-aeay-.l given note1
(ice to the public that the United St* e? Hotel, formerlyt
keythy David llorrance. Kay. and which ha* keen cloned for
upe arda nf two o ontha tie* Ml n put in eompu te order, every
part of (he otenaiv* luiidiug having hren rt|>oard to thorough
ev animation, and uo exp> una ha* hern aparcd to make every
roem eurhav would be agreeable to the n oat faaliiiiou*. The
hall hun been laid in It om i martvje. The furniture and fixture*
ol the henar are entirely new?earpeta.i haiea, brdatrade.
Iu.. at dare of a kind aoited to the high rjiaracter that in inter;
ed thin favorite houer fhould au.tain the arrange meuia
are ouch that lamltira oraiuglr peraona may havt aceoinmodatio(M
npial to thoae in a ;.ri? a'e h.-uae The arrvicea of oue ol
Ike beat coekv-i i the country hit been aeuured. The euppy of
tkejaider ahall be >omplete,aud thrgiueial arr iireuii-ut* of
the eviahlialiment amh ae to compi te wi h thoae o( any hotel
in the-Uaited State*. without exception.
C an happy to announce that I have made an arrangiment
wiK- Mr. Alouro Reed, tlve late wall kaoirn proprietor of the
Wavarly Houae. New Y?rk, to aid cud aaailt in the management
cf the I, nice, whoae uu liridrd attention, with timt ofn y elf,
will b?- devoted to the m linleiianoe of the high r?ei?rtability
- I tfci* eatatikahmert.
The United (Fate* Hota' will b* open for the 'reoeption of
visitem-md bo.in.Vra, on M. .inlay, (lie i9'h mat
jMblm THOMAS C. RE A.
CHAPMAN'S ALE AND CHOP
HOUSE.
No 851 Ht mini ith^t.
JH. CHAPMAN rtapaclf.dly inform* hia friend* end the
i-ubiioin genera', that lire niitinnaa t? verve up in hi. uvual
rxceKrut tniuner? Steak*.Cheya.Cutlet*,4 roiled. Ined,?.'rwed
rotekd ami taw Oy?4 re. W?i*.'i Rarehitv. Coached Egg*, fccelogetkar
with bn aur-rior Spi rkliug Ale. brewed rapetirlly
forthai eatabCnUioruL which u timnpiallw in thiv caty. He
will aUo aell by the gt Honor m di mi'outu t.e ehoieeat Wiuea
and Liyiiort, b lieeel. iKity ol wiueh la vo wwll eatat iiahec,) at
theloweat caah pro e.
N B. Juat ret eivtd aai foraafc aanprrioe Jot of lain San a II
Still Wlailkey which h. w ill vel. chea|ier thua can be purehaled
at any other l ouae ia 'Jwa itv in
A.M08 U. HUM. * I ' I v'eej eiofi.a.iiir houv.fcTi
madeeommoA ouarh&igef in \heir eiUbkilunant for
ealaaud awyfieatiop of
TRIMSES A VD SUPPORTERS.
They have now aaaaaortmeot.ioita -fdy
T"he ^torc [n Or. ef le of Tiuaaraaivt Si tifeoue'I mtruvnengi
ac for mere tat >!e K1 in imr*. it i ntirely diitmet from the room*
or.der the eh irge ol the Soiyefaj lor tiM a op h latino of Tniaaaa
aid Biimiort* .
The ?u'itoorrc?ivr?*o otherruitiente.'h*n thoaiuenUo hia
by Dm i.ieJirnlfamli v fot reliefrto-ei Kupiwre, Veriooctlr.Pro
MWic fl
NV>tUttSU tTHfA.VT fit 'MK.l.' IIANT4 and all
olio rt tending leticrt t? LntPaad by lit: ROYAL MAIL
STY. A viEKS from Bo?ton. Meaere. Ifarnden k Cr would
rrtpei ifullf gtre notice that the v doguaia Her that * ' letter*
receirrd at th-ir oflict, No. I Wul, ttrrrt. fkrw York. op to
the dt, prr> itw to the ?. .rlare of Uie boat from h?*tnn.
Mall hi ptioad in the Englteh mail mi board die Hnnvr before
*br eaiU.evrti 10 r ite ol accident or derrutiou W tlir
boal* on toe S<iood. urdrn th* dolay to ill he mote than twenty-four
hour* over the ordinary i uuniiig lime.
N. B >Im?i*. H. k ?'o. would aim givr notice to their
frieti !< ard the public loot t! ey do not give the abore aa?o
nnre n uli.hi power to fUlii the name,
if HAHNDKW h CO.
(JIORlOrS W'Ui VICTORY.
rHALON,l?U of Chntaain S,uare, now of SH Broadwayhie
agiin tahtn tlir Aral Premium for the bettepecrmeD of
WIGS AND SCALPS.
\ CONVINCING proof. If any wrre wanting, that nutire
ingenuity it appreciated before foreign hoaetitig anil hum
hug. at die oiumou o* throe ol the oldeat and beet index in
ih' (TOleeeion in New York can tettilr. The public ran now
Iiilir fr. in the prriuiunit.iir.thr aileer medal laet year, and
l.ut firot iremiumthit. awarded by Uie Amcnran Inetitute.
a ho it or it not the belt Wig maker. K Pinion reipertfully
n.eue? all jndgre aad wearer* In efamine hie premium im|iro
red tioaiainer Wig. Which, for aurpg**ing elegance, elite re I
.en.hl.uicr to nature ami beauty ot meUujir .1 ttrirture. may 1
l>r Ifganlrd ae one of I tie greitrat matter pieret of ert ever
;iri ihir.d in the world
N. II.?1Thie tplend>d wig nnglj little over half an aance
he lighted eeerhnnw n
Manufacturer ami proprietor of rhaton'f celebrated
ANTI DANDRUFF,
'nr remtniag the dander e< mglrtrly from thr head, and a tkoe I
>ngh i leaner ?f the tiiefai.e aad bair of the head, but leaeee I
I 1*1, and etlky appearance to Ine H Allf i
tfier rve. none te genome uultat tigued bv me in wk. t
Y.DWAKD PHALON. i
Afyh'tl on the peemitee for 98 rentf. dlllm* I
4?cilaa laid
t?V THU.MA.i
( MrtlffN.HiAMidltl F>*P<mttTttU ?
WKDNK*b.\V~
At kt| o'elaek iu he A? V? Rooaia
Spleadid Kurnilnte?Cmr pri'ir a I>a,<h?tku?
arti lea, from tw? Uaul'ira Kiting a| hvua-1 ? ti
Alto, the ?t?rk of a raViaet n.?k< r
Alio, SO dot wuir.aa.?rt)riK?r*. miliim-M' kr
hbf*?,,l,e fo"?"'af *rtid?? ol laerrhand >r <it mtnW- -
scythe stunee", 3 boles containing I.all I <mpg and i ? fiviugv
SO buffalo coats. SO dot hoeierv. el, vat
Kit IIJ AY
At 10| o'clock at live AurUnn ft n??
Law ealeof French bedsteads. ,.,i a i hairs k Ibi al" t
of an upholsteirr, by order ol a K< < i?rr H W.t .1
' ado, IS aprioc awl cushioned ?oiae i-o m?h yam hure
tmiMdtlwSa, H rocking chairs IS taaltrveavs laie.u.r
chain, 10 pilliaalcrs, and other arti. < of lu >' va a
? . Ai 1 j o'clock
Splendid piano foitaa.
Also, I splendid roeeWtavd anil ta?hof*nf cliairs
M 63a
DAS9AGK *1 FKOM AL"\NY TO WW YnKA v..
r SPBINUKIKLD HAMTKOHD, and WW MkVhN
Passengers leaving Albany at v| o'clock A M ?? rr a. <
ing, (Sundays etceplrdl in live cars, lor H iiifkM arrive
there at 13' M.?dine ai.<l t?l? ! i H
a-rive al | past 4 uevt morning, lass ra-i <1 | pant for \<a
Haven, from ilia Iter Ivy atramrr to Neva Y oik whera Iv-v a
rife at | Mat 2 P. M. ; or il pn*aei g ra j??lrr, i|.cv ran take
cara fir New Haven, uu their arriv >1 vt ]{..i Ho. <1, and leave al
5 P.M.
Uther leave Albany at I P M. *th?eev? for Wpv">f*r'?;they
will arrive there al 6;, aim al llarll rd at II?lake cara
real morning for New Haven at 4., a. d reach New York at 4
JMHI 'i.
itetavsirg, leave New York ar 7 A. M pv r Sle?m?r foot of
Beekman slip, lor New Havre, arrive al lt|-H irtloed a? b?
Springfield at k? nevt inorun.g tvkrcarslor Aihauy or thai >a
and reach there at 12| M.
wicket* to be had at 0. K PAYNK'S OA r. Hi ?cvay
Albany.oral Itie Urcanhnvli Depot . at New kirk ou hoard
the atramcn.
I freight by this line will he traDa| rtid betwevnt -rem bus'
and New York for >12 per tOSu Ilia?I thi arlirlaa and parcel#
to be charged higher at discretion,
jll II KITt II. "ccrvlnry
SIXTY MILKS LESS TRAYr.t. Ill AS II \
AXY OTHER ROUTE
a?MM a? TilK Mlls f KAPLUI 11< il '* Hot Tt
5eU?3e TO ALB \N Y. via DRIDOk-POKT-Kare
*** ** ^ " * ft 90
Xhe steamooat t.HO I ON or the NIM ROl). leavea I atharine
Market slip, Kaal Hirer aide, for hi iJk> 1 orl. every moraing
eiccpt SuuJay. at 7 o'clock Fun Cri.igrp ri. pv>? agrra
will he forwanlrd by* the Houiato'iic Railroad Pi W?al I anaan
(73 aarlta) to lodge, ih'iicr to I'ha livin '27 mvleaili>
stage. and uieucc to Albany (40 milm) by Albany and U< atou
Railroad, ami ing at 11 o eloik. AM
(fcjp- The. Railroad cars arc well wrmed by slotee.
! >.r passage or freight apply on board of ih>- boat or at fh*
York House, No. 5 Court I and t strict, where tickets ran b.
procured. j> !
VERY 1.M1VR I A.\ V.
asx HURLBURT it ro.s MW YORK
fr^VVd'AND SPRINGFIELD PACKAGE EX
^ mi JLJJuPRE^li, via. Near Haven and Hartford ;
Office 7 Wall atrcet, New York; 3d State street. H rtfoid
Thctubsctiber* will run a Package Car. uiulrr ilir care of an
agrnt.by the steamboat train, for the convey ime of package*
oi rrery deecriptine, boxes, bundle* oamt 'e goods, bank unit a.
specie,ke.; packaged will also br received at :he office 7 U'a I
treet. New Xork. and far warded to Norwich, H . rcealtr,
Boston, Hartford. New Iiaven, Sprir.gfirld, I'l ilnde l( In*. Baltimorr.
Wanhiugloo. Salem, Lowel', IVrinn uili and Port
laud, Hollowel1, Augusta, Bangor,ami all the principal eastern
ci'je. and town*.
All packagea should be marked rare of Hurlbul it Co.'*
Ei jrc??. Large package* will be called for, if notice be lilt at
the office.
Particular attention will be jiaid to collecting and paying
dra td, noted and bills, [urcliaduig gooddonall the abore nanicd
idnced.
Hurlburt k Co. or their agent, will constantly accompany,
and have the exclusive care and custody of their package erne,
and will be responsible for the gooda carried iu. or distilled
lor it, by loda by 6re,and peril ol the ? a excepted.
aMO* HMITH, ''roprietor,
7 Wall street. New York.
J. HURLBURT,
34 State street, Hartford, rt.
J. HURLBURT.
is AMOS SMITH.
NEW LINE OF LIVERPOOL PACKETS^JMk
Regular packet of the 55th lau?The epleudid packet
JBaKsliip SH it HID AN, Captain Depey ester, will nail
at above, herrrgular day.
The ehipe ol thu line are all luoo lone burthen and over,
nod their acrommodationi for cabin, second cabin, and eteeragc
paddengera.it id well known are superior to may other line of
pneketa. Pereone deeiruua of eecurtng bertha, should not faff
to maka early application to
W. fc J. T. TAP8COTT, 4t South street,
corner Oeuverncur !>ne, or 43 Peck flip.
Tenons desirous of sending f >r their frienla can have them
brought out by thia favorite ahip, or any athrr line, eatling
from Liverpool weekly aad on favorable teruie. Drafts for
any amount, payable on the Natioual and Ptoviucial Banks of
Ireland aad their Braackee; on Messrs.James Brdt-Son kCa
Banken, London; Exchange land Uiacount Bank, Liverpool;
which are payable in all the priucipnl town# of the United
Kin. don; can be had by apply ing at Tapecott'a Ueneral Pae
gage Office, 4? South street. jl<
FOR LONDON?Regular picket of the'loth inat.
iHnFW?The well anown fa?tsailing picket shipGLADfAJHtpbsTOM,
Oapt. Brit ton. burthen 1000 tone will positively
aail as above. Tliie fine ship has accommodations for cabin,
second cabin, and steerage passeng ra, fully equal to any other
packet, and bertha can be secured ou moderate terms, if immediate
application be mule ou board f?oi of Maiden lane, or
to CJLOVEK k McMURRAY.
100 Piue at, cor of South at.
P.8.?Persons wishing to send for their friends, can have
them brought out iu the above favorite ship, or lny of the regular
line sailing from London ou the 7th, 17th. aud 27th of
each month, and those wishing lo remit inouey, can procure
drafts ou Messrs. Phillips and Tiplady of London, payable ai
sigh i, by apply tug aa above. jt2
REMITTANCES TO AND PASSAGE FROM GREAT
BRITAIN AND IRELAND, BY THE
Jfc. tf&y.
^LD LlSi^JVEHhOol^ScKin^^^
Peraona wiahiug to send to the old nnutitrv lor their friends,
can make the accessary arrangements ritfi the subscribers,
and have them come out ia thia superior line of packets, railing
(rem Liverpool on the 7th and ltlh of every month. They win
aleo have a Brat rate elaee of American transient ships sailing
every sixth day, thereby affording a weekly communication
from that port. One of the tiriit. Mr. Jainru D Roche ia there
and wi'l remain during the year 1342, r. see that all the periona
whose passages have been paid heie are forwarded with care
and despatch.
Should the parties agreed for not come out the money will be
returned to those who paid it here wilhout any deduction.
Tne ships comprising this line are :
The OXFORD. The NEW YORK,
' CAMBRIDGE. * COLUMBUS,
- HiJKUrK. " WJUTM AMfcKltA,
" ENGLAND " NORTH AMKIHCA
Drafts at sight, for any amount, on the 1 loyal of Irs
lend, end on Pretest t, Orote, Ames It Co., Bankers, London,
which will be raid on demand, free of discount, in all the principal
towns of the L'nitrd Kingdom. Apply, it by letter, poet
paid. to ROCHE. BROTHERS k CO..
jl2 U Knltoii?t..n. il dour l.i tin Villi.111 Bauk. N. Y.
OLD LINE Or LIVERPOOL PTCKETS.nr*3rVB'*tjltrr
packet of the 16th lai uary.? 1 he eplcedid,
AkMSNWa*' sailing packet rlnp COLUMBUS, Cspt. .
will sail on Wednesday, the Ht'i inet.,hcr rigularday.
The accommodation* tit tine line tor paaseugers, if well
knowu to be superior to any other. Those about to embark,
il Kin Id eiarai le this packet ship'before engaging elsewhere.
For terme ol paseage apj ly on board, loot ol Becitmaii street,
or to the subscribers.
ROCHE, BROTHERS fc CO.
U Fulton at. next door to |t>e Kultoii Bank.
Persons deeirons of eel-ding for their friends, ean hare th-m
brought nut in this favorite ship, or in any of the ships iu the
old line, ssilingfrom Liverpool punctually on tiie7th and nth
of cv?ry mnuth. Apply as ahore jl#^
PASSAGE FOR SAVANNAH-First I'sckI?fVel.-The
splendid packet brig EXACT, Captain
jRSjKrJuhiison s-ils positively as above
This vessel has splendid accouiniodatioas fer cabin, second
cabin and steerage passengers. For passage early appltca
tion should be made to
W. k J. T. TArSCOTT, If South street,
_Jt ? Peck slip.
JM FOR SALE.?The stock and fixtures of the oyster
Inn and eating (iloon 316 Hroadwiy, the basement ol'the
RlllJL Gothic Hail, ingeiher with four years uneipirr 1 term of
the lease from the first of May next.said saloon bring sue of
the best locstiou* in Broadway and now doing an excellent
' miners MM will be Mlf at a ba-gain. as Iks present owner is
so situated that he cannot attend to it. For | articnlars and
terms inquire on Hi* premises or to SAMUEL BAY PON, I
'ullon fish inaraeS _ jlS-Jw*
*si TO LET?T wo comfortable 11 flier* in store No <t|
fiajI South street, and namedlvte possession cntn, by applyJEaBL
i>,f( 1? JOHN HEHPMAN hi the premiers.
Alts.storage am be led on applicati in as above. >5_
COUNTRY RESIDENCE WANTED.?Wanted
BM to hire, on or before the lit of April ot x*. a tnuutry reJuLsidrnce,
situated within 70 miles "f New York, Willi a
fa;-in oI from 20 to 111) acres attached One commanding a
weter visw preferred. Address A. L. M. per ui.nl, at New
Rochelle, Weetchaster County, (post office) N. Y., rivug a
dae'riplion of Itie iwen i?es ]lgw*
("1 THREE DOLLAR HATS '. TH 'lEE DOLLAR
JpkllATB!?Jisst finished, the most iplriul d article ever of(er?J
to the public. Elegant short nil moleskin Hals at the I
low price of $3 Also an article at ?1 50, equal iu durabil.ty
and lustre to those commonly sold at $3 I
dw iu* BROWN. Practical Hatier^^tg Cajjji a|
P~"A-JKET SHIP HUNTbVILLE. I-ROM Nr. W tiaLKAN8,
is dischaqpog st Or leans wharf, toot of Wall st.
CouM.tue'S will please atteud to the receipt of their goods tin
iasdin*f ly, jj i
\ImLL1aM DA Vies- BENEFIT BALL w ill" take place
W at Tainmany Hall,on hriday evrniug Jsuiiery It, 1842.
The'Committeeel Airsrgements >u umooneine this lla.I, <
would simply state that Mr. William Danes has la-en known
for mih yenri in this rky, as a man tn irk- d f >r piompti-ude
and correctness in business, soundness in prmci, |e and rectitude
in purpose, warmth in friru<tshi|>, and beaevoleuca in feel
in* towards all. They ibeiefore lue.- tendi red tins to him, (
not only ss a benefit, but likew ise as a mai k ofeiterm for his
sterling worth as a man; bring well aware that a generouv'public
will at.once sustain Ihem in thiir eude-urnca to rheer the
spirits am alleviate the distress ol a worthy n dividual, who
for two yor's Pis', has been confined to a bed of suffering a id |
distress. At the same time they pledge Iheniselc re tint noes ,
ertlous shall hesparril on their part, to make the ball one of |
the ee' of ti.r srasou f r tlose who wish to eijoy heartfelt
geodfrllowsl ip-ed amusement I
The order f dancing according to IV gramme.
Mr. J Parker has Igeucroiiilr volunteered l is valuable ser- ,
csi rs in direst ug the floor; and Mr. W. Wallace h is ktud y,vo- i
h nt. f red his sr'eiees lo lead the orrhestra.
2 onr* ope n a seven,and dam lug will commence precisely
at eight o'clock . Tlie lerinn ation of the la I will he known
b? tie batiil playing "'Quid night and joy hewi' you a'."
"Tvckelt $t; ts admit a gentleman aud two ladies? lo be had ,
D f the Committed. *is:? ... _ i
Walter LsWgtt, S4 lln leon street. Pr??-d.-nt. .
Wamuel Maye< ck. 221 William street, Vice President, ]
William Leggnt. HI Barrow sir <t. Treasurer. .
A. I ameron. td Hudson street,Sicre.ary.
B. Sharp, M Hudsonstri el. ;
J Douglas, tSa l'rarl street.
W Lento*, 1 Hs'l place. I
H Kerr corner North Moore jlrc-t .and W.Broadw iy. I '
T McLusky.-Pb Hudson street, I
f - Csinntoyham.kiaOrrenwich. ?
We McLaughlin, t >5Elizabeth street. *
P. Maine, IT CenUe street. f
J (. Waistsll. 74 tiud ou. h
D liasneh. 217 Cherry street it
J Cure, corner i'sn d and Hudson street. n
Wm. Bwhard.oti, eoeaer ?roenwich and Perry. "
J. Morrison, IM t'haikam itreet. a
W.Curr, Kit Troy strast
And at the bar, I'smmany HaE.?Checks not transferable "
N'O I irKie hereby cie.n that all pertm ? >r? lortuil In..!,n?
or pa> ">* ?nr """ V ??r perbimorprreoiiitm ae- /
count hf met eMera. N ? ? * *'"? ?. "n'l" K ill?n Market. 1
without the writ ton rr h r? fi i.m the |* j r r. All authority l"
rot nrally ?eal.d mm) ^ft-toe orperaoBeyv^th.^av^
NewTorh.Jaa.l?.tm, [ J"**
t? the newt of Ine lire wliielijttrrurrrt! u tke morning 'f
A ihelWhinet . at tic BAINTOEOHOK IIuTKL m?ht
iluee?ont? pe.eo t to beltere that the feu-urea ol the ewot
,ouee hie thereby btr interrupted, I de.irr to neonrc the pub- m
if. thtoifh the medium of rear J^er, that it rematae the
mine it before, and to rerjeeet a erwIioaatMrn of their kmd
irtmapr. I aleoaratl myeell of I hie Of?artaa.t to t+fm
notl aiuer thaoha to oar act tve hrtmee, w.lbout wnoee prompt
,id the horn* tt ould prrtbaMjr hire hem deitror^ i>< ?l '
1
I* ?(
* ran *
TIUSr.VCMVd J- it?Ti* s*t>.<rw*b<? ?iM ciimmi
WHAT WILL 1M?. WORLD Mil
U"r- . %iJn 1 c"?* 1 ru<.Mi?
V. ?noo M*rl. r XtMliMhau
IftfT klllHl
L* 'ark >it, H V ?. TanMI.
T? n .??u M
THE AoUKKtllLh. Hl*Rr?IAK.
Ltuff Mi fl?. id. | i kill ir? Mr* Wi,i?u*?
T * ? >* w **.
I HI ?l AOKI "ADA
Freyeie I *km t iMwt?i<ii ViIImh
THt,l?d?. Mr. rniJTI
l<?i l> -MR MR-Otllvft H HM
... .-**t? ?>! ?.
UH4TH?R TMKAnU.
THIS EVE)tlft<*.l?i -T-n.i
JONATHAN** > MiLA>D
Mom* 11*11 i M of* i, H*mm?
1st Mmlitr***
L* CtttiMfc* XINIIimun
? iA _
I ?** .. _ Cnlft
* ?) _ Mr. r fM
T? ???.' .<- m J tII
Mf rot \*u m* r?m >?n ioc.
13' . . Cirh? | km kww.e kluta
- 5|*l * ! W Hi. Lnm
?- aad Mii'ttM, hi it* ?mi.ri ia>
I meaopaa ?' < urtao ?.? ?, .*..,*>*
ITCIICUL'I OL) RPIi TIIKATftfe
THIS CVKPHAMA. iw Ik? T*i? |f*>U Ma MM
Ml Wl?l AMI. Hi Wl?( ? ?H Iffl.
L-r4 Alrj a-u HmMilr | M?m H>44U4yrIt
T?
Craanlca Mil. bed, I Mn r.au?
_ _ A i.i>< *i? n MP
A. Mil-tell ; -.rot.e. \|?
.. THi iw; tjtv
.uJJT M
IMOMIII MM l?*r mi. Cartaw -?M ! H.N
AMC Alkl A > . ihi | ..
**" W Mmlrr rfrrM
II rwWr iV. i|.i? Ik?i nl Mr W I inKI t
thik cvlnino. j?. u- jh. *.- -- -7,*
u?ea.e B nil . | a*?
WALT* ANH ?TAIi I NTRII '
Pna luriac and liyatua-'itw. t.i.iWri.ug . ,ln(lr 4t< ( ^
IlllHMlK I >.U
F , ir.lri?n Hern hy M-etrr
'n?KlN|. Mr S)rw? ?A?t? Untnaakt.t V, *,.4.
A lirarafui Ailrmande <* two H w h. Mia 1, 'i ? --a
a.4 Mr. Iwriu*
lir tindaaid laoA|Tw?MMM t>! llir ( a?. any
I ?a>?c Ft* by T I I !?.???
Itlrririwrai KIMm mnutea m '
T' ........ | ... .. . , | ? A. I
llrrriil.au I rata . u Tu k ?r I cl.i?u t , Mr Bra m
Pr.Bc.pal Act b. Mr. li "
1he llunEurnn < ink na will *.?? tl?? r Rorwaa w4 ItuHaa Far
trail u.ea f w lit ikiI awimi k amor*.
Perub Treaaor) 1 r It. k?-.i>.
A (InM Het-To, lrtru.ru | i ? \ and J W.k4!ii I
Jir?-\l.,rif Jnae) U?I. Ml.. I >rt I Sv Sir* Ra>ley
The latliHui. hi. Prairie Air 4 k) Mr Mr ua
111* whole lo lour lut e Mill, a I 1 rUllr Allrqwr. railed
BILL1 hi 1 xi v T
Poor, opna M ? quarter part ? p if... man. ? u r.aa.iM
ll T. Bcirt M rur U. . U a? r.ul.
AJMKKICAW ni HKI N,
('omrr NutaArrtiy rr?r< .firti ihrrl.
LA*T WKKKUK1IIK INDIANA
Manager and IHrrclur, Mr p. r Carewna
1 he manager haa plearure la an. uucin* II at he haa rkeeled
an encage mrnl w lh Ihe celebrated and cr >1.1 li.hr J daaaeuac
Mia?M< YViil.itna latoraHly kieiwr Ihi raghoul the t'nitrd
Rtalea and Canada*. a* l a Ptlile I'cleat"
A large company of iDtlta*. Wa ru ra auJ itaeir * qua we. will
exliibit their unapproachable anrl tirvruiiiary 1 airltwtak
repreaentaturu olllie NU'Huhit Ok kt I M.H Mel It F A
They w ill aleo go tkrnnah a turret* ..limit.. - - -r
Alio wilh Mr JENKINS iki cilibrMol teior MM?r ib4
delineator of Yankre errentriciiieo. Aul 'ikewiee with the
renewed ALBINO LADY
feigner Mamotte will ethibit tha wonderful tad beawtifal
ITALIAN FANTOCCINI,
The ipleudid COSMORAMA ? h? entirely char fed on the
let of January, and will be chanced regularly oa the fint of
everr month.
Principal* of 8chooU and their pupil* admrtlad oa liberal
ternu.
Admittance to the Museum and a'l the entertainment*. tS
can, Children under 10 yean of agr half price. jld
BOWKHV AMPIlITUICATniL.
No XI Brteny
GREAT RUCCES8 OF Mh. TURNER
MONDAY EVENING. Jan. 10-Tl.e performance will comcommence
with a (rand ?utre<. entitled
TOURNAMENT ENTREE.
Feataof Horaemanehip by T V Turner
Negro dancing by the uarivallcd Master Diamond.
Mr Band* will introduce an imputing Eguaalrwn Act.
Vaultingby the whole company
Maeter Rivera', whaae wonderful performance! defy daecrfotinn
Horaemanahip bv Mr. Buckley.
Comic Bong by Mr Booth.
The celebrated Rireri Family go through the or much ad
mired feat* of Uy mnaaia.
To conclude with
THE COBBLER OK B.lUDAD.
During the evening a variety of other entertainment.
Door* open at d|?performance commence! at T
Boxee 50 ceuta. Pit 'JS rent!.
The animal! belonging to the Zoologiral luititiMo. will ha
open for exhibition during the holiday a. Entrance No IT, in
Cnryitie-eL Admiition 9S cento.
MUSIC.
MESSRS. SCH* EIDER k H t B H t N. lirtcum
lw ?f the wen known Herman Hau l, bey leave to inJbwa
die fashionable ioaet> ol' New Y irk, and iU vicinity. flint
their Ml ud dbtliit Dead. cmwwUiik of twenty --r1i~rit
tnl pertirmrri, in now ready to ttlr.uil [air i ice, acireaa,
kr. They hart all the lateat anu moat p?| ufar Wallin, totilhona
and (Won of the celebratrd coiryotn, liww,
Strauss and Labi tiny. and will attend either with two inarrt
raeBU, viz: Violin *ud rianofurte. or any number that may ba
required. All larore witl be promptly attendee to by ai ply
iii| at Mr. FKANTZKfcK'B l>urStore,2W Broadway, where
Ladies and Gentlemen are requested to tuner t the moat ilWea
did aaaortment of K> re, Skins, Cape and ltobee, aver offered
hi the city of New York. ojg Me*
MUSIC.
Vf?SSR8.0. WEISS k ORAHM, in.mbeta of the Us*
?'( man Mueieal Society, be r leave to inforr.i the luteins
able aorietr of New York aui ita vicinity that >hey nava
formed a full and effective band of instrumental twrforniars.ef
twenty in number, if required. They have all the faahtoaaMo
aew Walxea, Qalepa, and Cotillions of the celebrated cniopoaera,
Strauaa, Launer. LabitxUy, Vlueard and other emiaaetl
profeeaura. and holu themaelvea in readlurs* to attend private
parties, aoireea, fce They will attend with two uietnuneata
violin and jaaao forte, and any additional .umber'that may bo
requwed. Favora will be promptly attended la by *Md j iac at
the music (tore No. 412| Broadway,and at their retidencesXo.
27 Delancy atrrel. j| Ira
t?HIRD ANSTJACBAUL ok The:7EFFC.RBON okt
1 NAD I KltS.?The third Aunual Ball of this eompany will
take place oa the 12th January, 1312, at the Apollo Saloon,
Broadway. The beat Braaa Band of the city w enyayrM lor
thia occaalon. Tickets #2 each, to be had of
Captain Eckel, 158 Greenwich ?(re*t.
Lieut. Schloaner.38 Centre at.
Old. Serjr. Schilpl, 57 Ki-o.evelt ?L
Seryt. Schwartz. 158 Second at.
Seryt. Hamer,iu7 Washington at.
Corp. Frank, Lelancey ?t.
Corp. Blanc. 74 Fulton at.
Corp. Schlumtr. Meury ( lay Hatiw.
d2l ISkl/t Piiv. Bi'iuer. 71 Cm. - r
KW YfilHrscinKTV LIBtt.AHV.-H., S,r. t, lrt
Of Elocutionary Krndinys and Recitations, by Mr*. A C.
MOW ATT, will be delivered on Thuredav eveuiny, Jeuasry
13th, 1142, prefaced by introductory rerairka. Tacuiamrara
at hall paat germ. jl I itia*
kifB. WmTh KklZKh respecii'ulty informs his floods
and the public that he hes rcturmd in tin* city, winch ha
utcuda to m.ke iua future rrtidence, and w ill be huipj t lake
pupila for the Viotia and i'muo Forte, Terms moderate. Address
14 Hubert atrcat 8t. John's Square. ji l ?
\\7HITWeLL S Ol'OpKLUUl , wl.ich u roiwidcred by
?* the firat Fhysieieus in the U. 8. to be the iery hyst com
position in eziatence for Rteumatisi i, Sprains, I htlbfaias,
Chopped Hands, Cramp, Nuinhiues. Weakuraa of Liaiba.ela.
N. B. It it three timei the strength of any other kind. Ba 1
aure and ark forWhitwell'i Opode doc, mil rrcriie no fleer
unlear you with to prove the truth of the remark that
' Pleasure ia a. great
Of btiiy; cheated <U to cheat.
Wt- Price #5 ren<?.
Sold at Wholeaale and Retail by A 9 k D. Saadr. L.ag
giste, No,79 and 100 Fulton sirret ; David Saada and Co . No.
77 East Beoadwajr ; Abr'in B Saude St Co.. fas. 273 Broad
way. corner of Chamber sireet. Alio for tale aa above, '.I*
"AROMATIC SNUFF," for Headache and Catarrh, composed
principally of roots, ahruba, and reeommaadid by Dr.
Walernouse, late Professor of Cambridge Uuivetsity.
Priertt cents. ^ dlt 2tu-.w 1 !nv
'I'Ht It AI N EllS?Krapeetlully announce o in laiiot -u,]
1 gentlemen of New York Ihitthey will give iheir first
Concert at the City Hotel on Wrdneid.y evening, January 12.
jH2t*_
NOTIcX?1TheTieiidrnt and Dirrclora oi the New iai
and Albany Kail Road Company, lulrnd to apply ti iha
Legislature of this Stale, al the en-tuna seasiou. fo. an amendmant,
alteration and e?tension of the chart*-r of the taid nc
K~Vw|Vnrk. Nnr_.jt.J041. '?
7T77T ii ?nT-?TIS KlELl) will he hapu 10 a call 'row.
B l^f^wliat Baifora'a BilW llo.m" or.r thellim*.
K.tim CrhftJS. .-(hi .p'endid (.Mm. with .U?
[?<1- rubber, cloth. ami rnrmg fieri cual.iona'Tirt
nam? oJVJdtoo?7wl, and li Ana Hr-n. Table, and
'lAihifdrnlt- ? Lff
IHJPEfeFlNE DKEStf COATS
BEST ?y t' A LI f T ,
uih iit*irnrimui ip ard material*, for TWKNTY EOl l
JOL.L.AR3 ; al.o, Paitlalooni Tan Dollar- at 'iilCIIB Can
railonuz eitabluiiiiiant,
IM Broadway. .
J*. 'Tb* aboeegarineii??*r?g-i?-at?t-?dto htaqoai t. k?
rw rM,*et tc lb*** r.>a(te by ?be 9Mi tivna u .not** > Ike
rty. Tina u no eir.t 17 cuarn.We, bC! or.- that lha bhirlii
iMdgti htr.uelfto fulfil Oartaantgofa.con ;tryquaiafy propon
nnabir In*or I*
OTfCK?The aub.rrihrri will retene |>ru|>o?al< from
partie. wuhing 10 contract for lha raining of lb. British
rig Kmeruld ?uuk off the B.ltarj the Till iu.t Anlf
mmrclialely to A. It 9 D M. K t a Zl R,
JUBt* >' "hi s|ij>.
MO SKY Tit l.h.Xh
ABRAHAM J. JAl KSON. Pawnbroker, 5* Read* ftrwt
ia mar Broadway, loan, money in iyi* or email auma. M
nay be required, on per. neo a. nib m. a.
rjll f * Oh I II!' lib". "NiMilUN 115*55.
II Buffalo, aiii^all the .afejj"fund bauka; alia }?t LawriaM.
eiraa. mm mi me irrr or ml Hal II nai K? I II. 14 State ttkea M
r for clothe. r??ei?nere? rea.ihyt, n miiela.lic. at iW to watt
??h pr"' i' 111 ' irifi ? i - . et ..-Hi i mi.l dtlloia*
li* x<)HAi>grttiutfx.-tke rnipncl.r of thtr rtubUrtiC*
mi-nt, at the rommri n mrnl of .1 11 w \ ?r, nturui hie
lianka tohir fnrmti and the public for their liberal rupp irt,
iurc it war fi'tt opened for their ateoinnrod ation la Jaljr latt,
nd tic iiopea ilill fur hrr to mint it by wnkiof >11 th.wr who
nj'nrnat the Kirhanft arrowifurtablr. at Uaat.ia ataay other
ntel in the Union. lie taket tluo nppor'witily aire, nl cautionlit
the public again*! the tinI"jiinde l nimorr put afloat bp n.te>
Med ptrrniu about the rmtra*?r?it charm ? raid to hare bren
lade at hit hotel, by araurirg tlican they are oow what lhaf
Iwaj r hare be.n. f i per d?r.
Attached to the hotel ia a leiy# concert ar.d hill roon.which
ill be let fur auch puipeaea upon ar rraeonabie tennr ar any
the city. f BO 1 hi.>. Proprietor.
Bu rnrawn Va..Jant.ittt j? imdhjmw
JO I It . ?The fitm of B A if. I. V. W A it D h. (0 it thin
s day ihwolred toy mutual oi u-nl, l.aa-ei.ca A* MilUndnn
irl^ wtUiArawa ftao i*. gA
Bv Atn. It WARP. Attorney.
ain* h. ward,
I.AUKKM I.A MILLANDOft,
o d. ward jr
The rearaiaiof portoera will reunion the I uriaeat under tha
,,,m r, baii.lt.
O D. WARI) Jr.
Mew Vark, Der. M, I Ml. Jl ?W?,