T
T II ]
Vol. Wll*?Mm. WhoU Mo. 19Q?
(Prunri the Roeheiter Tuperf;]
REPORT OF THE TRIAL
or the
REV. W. VAN ZANDT,
FOR SEDUCTION.
CIRCUIT COURT? DECEMBER TERM ) !
Friday, Dec 30, 2J P. M. J
Difore thi Hoi*. Natuak Dayton, Juooe 8th
Circuit.
ial of the Rev H'iuhington Van Znndt, Hector of
Grace t'hurch, Rochester, for the Seduction of Miss
Sophia Murdock.
For the prosecution, Samuel L. Selden, Judge i
" mpson, Henry R. Hslden, Graham II. Chapiu,
d Orlando Hastings.
For the defence, Mark H. Sibley of Ontario, Adton
Gardiner, Fletcher M. Haight, and E 11.
heeler.
The much talked of eaie of Murdock n*. Van
indt, came off* yesterday afternoon before om of
3 most crowded courts we have ever seen
Chester. There was far less anxiety and
snt in the case of McLeod in Utica last October
r. Van Zandt sat|beside Judge Gardi"cr>
s counsel, during toe evening, s?d exhibited
eat firmness and composure. Miss Murdock
is the only witness examined- -and the court sdirned
to this morning at ha','"I,a''t eight. To rert
the remarks of coti"sel and evidence at
igth, would fill sever" newspapers: ws have,
irefore, condensed th<= proceedings so as to omit
thing material t? * right understanding of the
e.
[pone SetOEN opened the casefor the proseeug?stated
that this was an action for the seducI
of Dr. Murdock the plaintiff's eldest daughter,
pbia, a young lady of sixteen years of age, by
i defendant, Mr. Van Zandt. He warned the
rs to avoid the errors of that extreme cl ss,
o, believing religion to be a fable and its profes
hypocrites, are prepared to credit a report of
guilt of a cleric <1 person, on very weak evi(''e?as
also the errors of that other class whose
A for religion iranairs their impartiality, ren n
them fcarlul of danger to the church and anxi
to find retsons, no matter how feeble, if they
1 induce a belief that sudh charges as the pret
against a minister of the gospel are false and
euabla. Neither class weigh discrce ly nor
I ge impartially. On looking into the annals of
courts of 1 iw for the present year, it would
found that religions teachers are as liable
|ho grosser passions of our nature as others?it
pld be s.?en that Episcopalian, Presbyterian, and
Iholie Clergyman have been brought forward
trged with this offence?and if he remembered
frectly the results, they were in every ease found
llty on the fullest evidenee. Clergymen have
re frequent and favorable opportunities for this
id of indulgence?their avocations bring them
.euer in contact with the females of their eonegations,
it being an important part of the pasru
duty to visit the members of their churches
their own dwellings, aud hold religious convcrtioa
with them. These visits are chisfly to the
W. i elergy find them alone?the inale part
1 1? ' generally oat of door* at their va;
ttioof>?oar paatora hare abundance of
.? their bands, and it would he remarkable
re not brought into the company of feible
to withstand the addresaea of men
: 'eadant, than o hers? leas practised in
if the world- In the case before the
h, -raid be found that the reverend defendr
trod pastoral visits to his flock an in
^ "ty, and thut he paid these visits chiefly
1? . tiger female members, whom he adb
peenliar seal, Irequeney and fervor,
tl plaintiff in this action is Doctor
at the aval head of the family is Mrs
I . ' ' le young laay ? mother. Miss M. re(Client
education at soma of our best
I. -her father was formerly considered a
ty and skill in his profession?but he
habit of drinking intoxicating liquors,
tt , ich ao many able amd geod men have
e society?difficulties ocourrcd in the
ffered personal violence to I11C wife,
, t via in a short time?came back a sick
_ down man?'Was nursed by hi* atfiecmate
Wife, and for the laat year has been a re?ur
and abstemious man -bat hi* mental power* had
icayed?-and hia vife ha* had to support herself
id family by her needle, and ednctteher children
ith the help of some friends. Mtas Murdoch is
Hfeected with and descended frim soma of the
rrtfamilies, in po nt of respectatility and standg,
in this State. A few week* ?rior to the diesvaty
of her situation, her mother remarked to a
ientl of the acnily that she now koped (o see bet r
d|y?, as her eldest daughter vas now capable
X * acting as an assistant in a schaol, having c anletci!
bar cdneation. At that tine the young lady
ad a perfectly fair and unsullitd reputation?the
raatbiof slander had not injured her, notawhistr
against bar character was beard in this coramnityt?she
was a simnle-muded, happy, arth
is* giil. Bet Mr. Van Zandt lame to tni* city
ad h?| continued tome years nnce at pastor of
t? Profcstant Episcopal < h urchin St Paul street
-Mrs IVnrdock and her family were member* of
is enng-egstion, and the youig lady was freuently
it hia house He affi-drd a great degree
s f piety raid benevolence profeised n wish to be
ind to the family?approach*! Sophia, car. ssed
ud kittctt her?and wnen, nix months after he reloved
-his wife and family to Clinton street, only
ome fift'-en feet distant from her mother** door,
C made her aid her relative* frrsent* of dre*?e?;
icy visited almost daily?he <?mtinued ,0 profess
hat he felt a deep interest is the welfare of the
imUy, but continued to takemnre indecent liberie*
wiih her. One dty.ii i summer's afternoon
T llilO, defendant, said he ras alone in his house,
ad invited Miss Sophia and ier aister to bis study
-they went-and while her lister sat reading the
Hrror in an arm chair with her back to them, he
irew her (Hnphia) on the bid, lay down, exposed
la perian, bat she got awiy from him. ana with
tr si.'er returned home. Mr. Van Zindt then
rore, aid parkins is now in the habit of wearitig,
be "r1'Cie of dreas well (nown as "seduction
an >ns, [here ha desedbed them] said to be
*t?V >' eoavenieut to perfms of a certain slat*
r eas'.e of cnaracicr. Sometime after this viz:
boat the 16th of October,yiSit). one afternoon,
1st after dinner, Mist JSor"B prepared herself to
Mead a young ladies' aawiht a?ek-ty meeting, and
, ?er mother requested her toko oyer and get a cerlain
book from thu rertrrtd gentle,study,
*ue <te [The fac'a Mated here by Judge Selden
stfill oe found in Mni Munitlk testimony # which
.?ltorv?. *w' et?iea that vie wai then and there
etdiiax' ] Iier ahiid win lorn the 4th of August
5Lt, of forty-one week* angiwo or three day* frem
X time anc stat d. [Hire 'He learned counsel
, Ltcred into a statement vAicb w* nmit ] Shor'ly
paction* to her delivery, ?lvt July,", ?he waseaife|
to ?ta?e her case to a relgioua comm>?ee of the
^ Society, and though Dr Hteood thought i wr ,,l I
i a atx or ei^ht week* oifcre the would be Altered;
she pei nrtcd thei as now in naming t*.
;b oi Ocaber. and that tiae only, and that neve.
iler that day huii she l<?n with Mr. Van Zandt.
i" r It trill be (shown in evid ace, that the reverend
jtatlemau did not Utke liberties with bophia o: ly
I betook Tory indecent Ikerties with h.-r s:*ter, *
Irl of lwe're years ofi*, and with young m.d
VI lUrredting female m*mb^ of hi* congreg itionot
the highest re meet ability?took all the
' -yedom* ? won! p rniit. Within a few
jflwnf the time when thiotTence was laid to Mr.
I an Zandt*!* sarrr, he called a meeting: of the
* t retry of hit chnrch, to take a defence before it
ho restry met, and the ilfendant then there mndr
ie following remarkihlruiid truly characteristic
? . {minion: tfttv di-clar?i; thn aecniation t'i he
,lac, he adfed,??that heftould not ba the guilty
eraon in this esse,for tInitio* vinghia propensi'ii s
JA .ithat way w*?w ?tr<.ag, be ar. ided being alone
Bflk -ith f?mal?*of bis ?. ngr, fdiinn even for religious
nrpoaea. It ia hkaoHufgeLaid JadfeS. ldrn that
hildrea are apt to rratenbi thair parents, and so
as 'hat ts evidence, l tlnk we sha'l show the
H ^kasr.iuhlanrc in ll'iara*,, Mb* very itHIUlf und
^^^ tiafaetory. It is no eedwoa thing Tor certain
^^^Bmilies to hare part *ulcr karks which character
aerernl snece?siva anirwti,,n? In ?he case of
Van Zaadt, he haa a Wrk, *na of hi* little
^^^^ mert is crook -d .n a paifaatar way?md Misa
^^^^Kphia'a ebild, by him, hat ti.? some eraok in its
fluger, and find i free its hMh~ja.it like it*
Se too, Mra. Vat 7*ndt i?di child horn
^^^^^Vew days from that of Rwhia, and tout infant haa
sanrii; family mark. [ Iter going further
^^^^HuMeseriptfen of evidenet* bo produced,and the
^^Mnrtmblee onrre to be t<tk*by the defendant Mr
closed an addrra*, he manner of the del'itwhich
waa admirabi l He then nailed and
l^kaiaal.
Iipiiia mvidaci?Win i# niitecn jrmrt ?I
llth of April: ii nldet dea^hler tf "plant iff;
b<en acquainted with defendant abnet two
IS **' * member <t hie eharcli?t.raoe
reb? ia tbif city ; be cane anqoai itnd with him
[h? tiiif In rriidr hen; bee been at hie hone*
It he lined on Clinton *??ot, bet not freq?un?ly,
Iheeameto teeide ne* ber father'*, which
L
E NE
NE1
was a year ago last April. Their families breuu
intimate a* taon ai he removed; Mr. Van Z?n<
had been io the habit of coming frequently tu the
house; she did not go, only when she had ane
rand, t.r when he had lerees, which waa once
week; when they were particularly invited, el
went; but not generally of her own accord; tl
defendant had a library of bonk*, for the benefit
the congregation, and ahe was invited fr? quent
to comr and get b >oks; cannot remember precise
what ihe defendant aaid when he invked her
cerae, but he did ?o repeate(lly> and ahe went ar
got books; does not remember teeing any one
the library but defends* ; be waa there; the librai
was kept in his study, "?a front room, in wbi<
was a bed ' when atone with defendant, in bis stud
bit manners were very fsmilisr; never said much
anything, but kissed her frequently, nothing mor
believes he kissed her once befoiehe removed,ai
while he lived on Clinton street; he made her
preset'' ?f * dress, snd after, when he came to Sai
Pao' street, he hud given her four or five dresses
and also to ber mother and sister. He never gai
to ono a dress, unless he gave tnall. He was in tl
habit of spending the evening! at their house, ai
when going away one evening, be asked them
come and see the stars Does not remember evi
being alone with him on the front steps ; does n
remember at what time it was that he made tl
attack upon her; but it was in his study, and aga
at the front ftepa of her house; does not remen>h
which time was first; she recollects that on tu
occasions he attempted?twice on the front stepsit
was about nine o'clock; the night was not dar
he attempted to draw heron his lap; he was sittii
on the steps; she was standing at the door, ai
he took her by the arm and tried to raise herdres
she tried to get away from him; this was all th
took pluce at that time. Alterthis time, on anotk
1 occasion, after spending the evening at their hous
he attempted to do the sam : thing; he went larthc
but did net succeed any better; he raised her dre
that time, but her sister was with her,and she g
awav from him; her s iter was standing on the step
she went int'i the house; the defendant went bom
her ?ister is 14 years of are last January. Afterwari
he came to their house, and said he was alone, at
a-ked her and his sister to come to his study wi
Itiin. She went, and took her slate and algebr
site sat down en the side of the bed, and her sist<
stood examining the lib'ary; she asked the defen
ant to show her a snm in algebra, aud he sat doti
on the bed beside her; some conversation followi
on algebra, and arithmetic, and so forth, and b
lievss that defendant said he was not much of a m
'.hematician; her sister went round and sat dots
and took a newspaper; does not recollect wheth
it was a tester bed, hut is certain that it had n lar
footboard; her sister sat in a large chair, with h
back to the bed; defendant pushed her back on t
bed, and raised her clothes; she resisted as ipu<
as she could, and got away from him; during t
struggle defendant exposed his person; does n
remember what description of pantaloons
wore; she called her sister to her, and th
vent home; doss not remember whether
said anything to her or not, during this stru
gle. Cannot tell how long aft*r this, wh
he attacked her agaiu, but it was on the afti
noon of the same day iu tha fall that the fire coi
oanies were reviewed. Ha had been at th<
house that day; told her mother that he badg
gnmcnew books, and that one of them was ti
history of Ferdinand and Isabella. Hei moth
wished hrr to go and get the book: the refused
go, but her mother insisted, es she wee alreai
deseed, as she was going to a meeting of theSe
ing Society, at Mr. .Sherman's; thinks she m> t d
fondant at the street door; she asked him if Mi
Van had rone to the society, and he ss
she had; she a???,| him for the book; shesto
between the library ana bed; he bended h
the book, which she opeeed, an* a?r.n.i?nt ste
ped to the door; whet he done she does not knoi
she stood looking at the boek; became where s
was, and took her in his arm<, and lud her on t
b d; then he raised her clothes and had conneeti
with her; in consequence of that connection s
became pregnant; she does not recollect b?ing
his hoiii'j but enee afterwards; did not then s
defendant; another time he attempted the sai
tiling in his parlor*, it was one evening (she de
not remember whether it was before or after, b
think* it was after) when she went to return a bo
that she was to carry to Mrs. Van Zandt; thinks s
went to the nursery and found no one but Mrs. V
Zandt; did not see defendant; the door was op
between the nursery aud study; Mrs Van Zao
told her to go ta defendant and return the boc
and yet another; gave the book to bim, and ask
him for the other; he laid that the volnme e
wanted was not there, but was down stairs; s
went with him, and he went into the back park
she remained in the hall; he called her into t
uarlor; went into the back parlor; did not find t
hook there, aud they both went into the front pi
lor; fonnd the book on the table; he threw her
the sofa; tried to raise her dress; she resist*
and went away; does not remember whether s
brought the book away or not; he did not, on tb
occasion, succeed in his object; she ucver has h
connection with any other individual; her clii
was born on the 4th August; she first discover
her situation ebout a fortnight before the court
inquiry, 21st of July, when she told her methc
never communicated her situation to defendant;
came to their house, and her mother told him; d
not see hiin then, nor haar what mother said; h
n > knou ledge of defendant ever haviap called
etcher since then.
Cro*s ET,n?intd? Did not see Mr. Van Zardt
the bouse, but saw him coming towards the hou:
Thi-i was about a week after she had eommunicat
to her mother her s ituation ; he staid abont fi
minutes ; she did not see him go away, hut h
mother came cut of the room ; her mother told 1
that ;<he did not ait down, and that the had refu^
to shake ba.:ds with him when he ode red her 1
hand Her mother said that defendant denied Jri
ing any connexion with her ; she had in her ci
mutation in ehief, stated all the instances in whi
there hed been any connexion with defendant,
the time that he resided in Clinton street, when
first Itissed her, the did not go for books ; t
members of the congregation went for books, b
the library .r as not established, she thinks, at tl
time: she went often; it depended upon the si
of the volume; the bonks generally were of a re
?i .us eh .meter. Her parents' house fiontcd
.St. Paul street, as did defendant's; the stoop s;
ken of wa> iu front of her father's bouse; n
about two stipa from the door to the end; th<
were two steps descending; their h tt.se stood
good w its back from the street; the evenings t)
she mentioned wero light; there was no one wi
her but her sitter; her mother was somewhere
the home; she might have been at the frent w
do v for all 'he kuew; defendant had been in c.
versation with h r mother those e-venirga; her:
ed thorn to the doer to see the sky; remenibr
one evening of him directing them to the nbsi
yation of the nortuer? lights. Her mother w
n the room and she went out to the stoop; |
stoou w >s in full view of St. Paul street; perm
"a the stoop could not be seen by those in t
bouse on the other *ide; no houses there; d?
not rrmemher exactly what she did when he
;C"liteiJ to raise her dresa the first time , she I
neve, he requested him to let her alone; she c
not gpea' lourt, but lond enongh for hiiu to ho
On the next time when attempted to do the sa
i thing, she pr. .nmed sbe?.id the iamp thj
r.ot remember wVat tunc inn,, snrr.mrr, hut it *
| in the summer; no one was fheir ho f|
evening but the family; she Kmavbcrt ,h(|
b.it not the time; did not mention this occurrei
1 to anybody; does not remember^ wheth*r her i
ter was on the stoop: thinks she was a little Cl
1 Cralcd by the door; -he looked around to seetf)
sister observed her, she stood w ith her back
' her; she docs not remember what she said, I
think* it was the same as she said before; does i
' re.nnnler w hat it was she said: cannot apeak
1 the time of year, but it was tho sntneier; the
1 c'trrctie.t v. as so strange that a:iy one shnu'd
sueh thi,.ga that she remember* i.; it was
1 on a Sunday, evening; it wns an evening in i
week; she woul] not be on the front stoop
Sunday evening; knows not whether it was
fare or after the fourth of July; thinks it t
after; it was aft r; for she remember* that on
evenine of t'l-; 4th of July H eir were firework)
Mr. Van Zandt's yard, and she was inriti
it was aft-irthis f. rdefendant'a niece was not the
ard doe* not know how long after; her a
came in Septembrr, *i.d it naa brfoie the earn
csanot remember the month noi the Jayofthe mot
ah* went to hia study ; it was in the suncmar: e
?<>t fix the time more particnla lv- IkeuflKM
afterward* ; herii'ter went with her: it was p
bap* about the middle of the afternoon when b*
ritodthem ; her sister went <lr*t, ?he about f
minutes afterwards When she want into the sta
he sat on the bedside : Mt ou the top of the bs
rnonet remember bet thinks she naked defendant
how her some *nm la ntg.'bra ; he was stand
with hrr s;ster facing the bookcase when she i
drcs?ed hies. The bed itnsd or. the right band
she ente*ed th door ; the library was on tbn lef
she asked him if be could show ne.r n sum <n a!
bra; had the honk sod slate aad pencil; .he k
been trying to dan sua before bat coald not do
H YC
W YORK, WEDNESDAY
and she wanUd hiiu to assist her; doe* not r
jt member what sum ; *aw her sister sitting by tl
ir desk ; doo* not know whether the was reading tl
r. paper ; taw her tit down ; cannot say how long tl
a stood at the desk ; probably two minute* ; si
le then tat down, her back towards her ; believ<
r,e she had the paper near to her facet the papi
?f wat the New York Mirror ; her sitter object*
ly to Iter going home, at she had not fini-hed tl
I- story; the remembers she told her that the wou
t0 borrow the paper to finish it. Her impression
,j that she went away immediately. The bed sto<
i? in the middie of the room and the desk oa the opp
fj site between the two front windows in about tl
centre; her sister was about ten feet; the fo
? board was about two feetabore the surface of tl
nf bed ;thc bed stood in ths same position all the time I
?. lirrd there; when she sat down bar side rested <
a tliofo.it himrd when he nushed her down; she r
lu --- I .
a ?iHt?dbimall she could, a* much a* was in hi
?t power, was mu"h alarmed, frightened; ?he dot
_ not know but others in her situation would hat
re resisted more, but she resisted all sha could; hi
le feet were perhaps not on the bed; nor were tht
1(] on the floor; his per.-on was exposed; his pant
t0 loons were down; does not know how long eh
er was in that situation; cannot remember what sli
0( said to him; but remembers saying something; sa
,e nothing to her sister; did not tell her mother of it
i? aflair, nor her sister, nor to any person; does n<
cr remember what she did when she came home; doi
ro not remember how long before she went orer aga
_ to see defendant; cannot say how many daysjsa
k. defendant afterwards ; did not speak to hiir.
}g what happened; did not go a dnz.-n nor halfdozi
)(j times afterwards; only went to the house when u
g. cessary; probably not oftencr than once a weel
at she stood in front of the library; there are rani
cr doors to the room than one; she had not been
the room more than half a second when hu caugl
r' her up and threw heron the bed; she opened tl
?g book; thinks it was the history of Ferdinand ar
nt Isabella; he was about a foot from her when 1
g. shut the door; this was the parish library; thei
e! were some few ?f his private books in the large I
jg brary; she was admitted into the house by tl
)(j kitchen girl, but cannot remember who she wa
th they bad so many servants, but she is under tl
a. impression that she was directed to go by the per si
L.f up to the study; she is certain that she nm-t hat
j. been admitted, for the door was fastened by a Lol
the door was not left open, it was too cold weathe
_.(j she remembers harine rang the bell.aud is under tl
e. impression that the kitchen girl opened the doo
lV does not know whether there was morcthau onegi
n ornnt at that time; did not see Mrs. Van Zandt; asl
ed defendant if she tra< going to the Society, and I
said she had gone; he was in the study; he to<
er her iu his arms and laid her on the bed; she resif
lie ed and struggled as well as she could; she made, i
ch outcry; cannot say how long he lay with her <
he the bed; he laid her down and got on the bi
l0t lengthwise; cannot say how long she was wi
he him; mother did not express any uneasiness alio
Cy her stopping so long; had on her dress to go to tl
he Society; had on her bonnet; no one had untied h
bannst, she had it on all the time; she did not st<
en to adjust it; went with the book to her muthe
,r_ went afterwards to the ladies'sewing society; d
not change either dress or bonnet. Mrs. Sherman
house was on the same street; when she arrivi
there the ladies were there; Mrs. Van Ztndt it
there ; she remained there the whole af'ternoo!
er staid until the society broke up ; was taken hoe
to by Mr. Dwinel); he did not stay with her that ev
nine; he stopped at the Rate. Other gentlrm<
w. were there; Mr Van Zandt came to Mr.Shermar
le. in the evening to tea; had no conversatiou wi
ri_ him; caunot state how long she was in the ckai
,jj ber alone with him; no one was in the study fa
0j tbemselres; saw no one when she sntere
er had on that day a light blue muslin drea
defendant's family at that time consisted
jr; wife, three ehildren, nephew and raothei
he the nept>?w was about 17; her brother of the ssn
|,e ate lived at home; her family was her sister, b/
on ther, and parents; was well acquainted withyr.ni
he Van Zandt; knew his ate because there was Out
few weeks difference between his age and ber br
ee ther's; does not know where he is now did n
ne see him since a few days before thanksgiving; h
, heard he has gone away to foreign parts; there ?
iU( no intimacy more than with th.- ether members
0)i the family; no dalliance! no kissing; never w
he on the bed with Lira nor eTerin the study with hi
an alone; was oneejin a room alone with him wh<
en writing a letter for bis cousin; the ret m was b
,dt bed room; doesnot recollect any other time; Tha
,|j dens was frequently at her house; when in his roo
CJ she did not sit on Thaddeus' bed; not on the be
|)e certainly; but never took any liberties with In
he person; has kissed her, not very often, not cvei
,r. time he saw her; has put his arm around her net
he when he kissed her; was not in the hsbit of doit
he anything; never was alone with him; she 1111
lr. have been left alone witb him when at her ov
oa house; never at any other house; did not general
,4 sea him ut his house; there was a species of wo<
he ?hed that Thaddeus and her brother built f
iat her house when he took those liberties wi
a,l her, it tdjs at her own house, and before I
il,j went away; did not see him for a foi
cj night before he went nway to apeak with hir
0f she mieht have spoken to him; came there to s
,r. her brotherfbefnre hewentaway; she remcmbe
he having spoken with him but docs ant reraemb
id what subjeet; before be came to the bouse he can
a( to see my brother; went to music recitations wi
t0 him; sat in a pe w with him twice; one of the doo
of the study opened into the nursery; the childri
were there she supposes, and the defendant's m
at ther for some time; it was a week or ten daya fa
?C. lore lue comiuiuec ran ucn?rc nuwiii nuc TT e
ed nmined that she discovered her situation; a pb
re sician bad called 10 see her mother and her; thiul
ier it was after Christmas; did not state before tl
ier clergyman that she tried to go nut and could n
ed ret oat when with her sister, but the second tin
tis she told that the door was fastened by having a pie
1*- of wood over the latch; she could not onen tl
t*- door, and he opened it for her; it was a small bra
oh latch; did not see him pick ap the piece of woo<
At thinks it was fastened by a string to the door; sa
he him go to the door; when she went from Mr. V
hi* Zandt's room to the study, she did not shut t
>ut door herself; 'oand the book on the parlor tail
at dees not remember whether she took the book hot
ze or not; he looted in the library first, then car
Ji* down ta 'be parlor,and he afterwards invited me t
on never spoke to her brother nor anv other per*
?o- about the lib-rties d'fenr'ant had taken with he
'as the scene in 'he parlor occurred in t'le evening; tl
rre room was not lighted; does not r< memb' r whethi
a on that oerasioa, she entered without ktiockini
'at thinks she rang the hell ; cannot say who esme
th the door; did not mention this parlor scene tot
in committee; thought of it afterwards, and told it
in* Judge Seldom
Dirft Examination Rttumtd? Remembers I
d'" ir.f in defendant's study, wi h himself and Mi
!rs Gilkiuson ; it was on one of their Thursday ev
tr' n ing levees. She asked me to go in with her at
r?s get a bonk; thiaks defendant was there htfo
they went in; iliero had been other ladies there,wl
ea.ne out as thev entered When they went in, s!
"e asked Mr. Van Zandt for a book ; he had nrou
,e" ?ed hrr one of Scott's novels ; she went with hi
at" to the library, and as she had on a silk dress, wi
" ness heard it rattling, and some expressions th
sha said to herself; she heard her say, " Let r
lr alone"; heard no sound of kissing; believes that I
mc kissed her and w.tness, after he came out. On the c
sion tkat ?he was in Thaddeus' room, it wss in eo
ra? sequence of receiving an invitation to write a li
' at tor, which she did. He staid in the room with I
u" cousin,but somebody coming in, she went nut, a1
\ce !eft Thaddeus and witness alone. The young lai
r-turr.ed ahortly after. and exeeaed herself, aayi
r>n" that the made an agreement to g? out with at*
lrr Urn**. 8he w?? absent bnt * few momenta. E
^ Toby nu the phyaieian thai attended her.
not . Croat Erttminrtii/n?The yonng lady told h
, 0f herore defendant, that he had promiaeri her one
(lC. Scoii'e noreli; did not remain letii lifter ahe ?a
^ kiaeed; the reat of theladica bad been there. I
not ?nne *w?y- It vu about the middle of t
the Thee generally went up ataira when th
on ?k???e, took what hook* they wanted, and put th<
i , away. Kccollecta it wu abaut the iniddlo of t
vi-it. Hba had tak?n a book; told the atory
. Judge Selden when ?hc told the other part rf
. Poea not recollect whether the ladiea cart led ab<
' th booka wi htbem or^iot, aSourtbe roimi; do
not know aa ahe erer aaw an inatanee where tad
rf' went ab'>ut with their hooka; recolleeta he-ari
. the niltc rattle; doea not recollect if ahe heard
"v only in thnt room; spoke to the young lady ahe
it; did not apeak to her mother or brother about
Satubcav, Dee. 3], 84 A M
tr. Isaac ft. Ktwnoo ? Witnvae wae renueated
ln. a-ree a aubntrna on Thaddeua Vae Zandt?by 5
;f(, Selden for tnr preaecution ou the 13th mat : w?
|(jv to New York, and made an ineHVctnal attempt
,1 . aeree the tabpeetia, on th# 13tU, but hi* father a?
t0' ha had to te to China, to ha abaent for three ye*
ing Aran. Roara-ra,examined by Mr SiNer W
id. neaa ia a member of the entry of Grace Choreti
u waa preeenaat a moating called be Mr Van Z*n<
(.. l*?t July in tha eeetry room, f?r the perpoee of e
ciilpetinr hiiaaelf from the eharge made agaia
|#)j him by Mr. Murdoe.k. He made a written ataf
it meat, and we had eoueiderable coeeraatioo wi
IRK 1
MORNING, JANUARY I
- him. Hi* language was something like ibis, to t
je best <?f iny recollection, but whether it was in t
le papers that he read and put in his pocket, I ca
?e net tell, lie said?" It cannot be me, for knowi
ic nay own propensities, I hare invariably taken pi
es tisular pains to avoid meeting the female of r
er congregation alone, even for religious eonvcri
fd tion."
ie Mr. Siblev, for the defence, submitted
Id written paper to the witness, and asked hi
is to look ovor it, and seo if he could tell
>d that vat tbc document read r>v .vir > sn /,jnai
o- the vestry. The witness, having read it in t
le stand, said he thought that that was the paper, ai
i?t the court decided that it should be given in ci
ie deuce. It was then read by Mr Sibley. Its co
i* tents are briefly as follows: On the Friday v>r
in vious, one of his parishoners, had hinted to hi
e- that statements were abroad as to him and the eld
er Miss Murdoch. lie called on her mother, who i
s fused to accept his hand ottered her in frieudshi
e Mrs. Mnrdock accused him of the ruin of h
rr daughter; he took his God to witness that he w
:y innocent; he could not then see her daughter;
a- nephew of his, Thaddeus Van Zandt, who w
e at his house, had gone to New York, gone
>a a house of ill fame, and returned to my fan
id ly ; on a particular occasion he (Mr. Van Zand
ie heard a noise in his study, and Mary Murdoc
at sister totiophis,came out; Thaddeus Van Zan
is acknowledged that he had had connexion wil
in Mary; lie (Mr. Van Zandt) turned Thaddeus o
w of doors and sent him to Rev. Mr. Wheeler's
of ; Thaddens had boasted that he had hail co
in ncxiou with Sophia, whenever he pleased, in tl
e- woodshed; and that this charge was a conspirac
t; originated by Thaddeus. from motives ol reveng
re lie (Mr. Van Zandt) bad made it a point not
iu meet the females of his congregation alone even f
at religious conversation. The witness thought
te was substantially the same statement as Mr. Vt
id Zandt had read to the vestry;ac len t a part of
ie was; but if this is the paper then and there rca
rc witness positively believes Mr. Van Zandt hi
li- used the nrecise words he (witness) had hero stu
le ed. He (Mr. Van Zandt) said to his vestry th
s, he had known the two girls Murdock to be litt
le strumpets, for sometime, or words of that mea
>n ing. One of the vestry cheeked him for using su<
re languago re specting members of the congregatio
t; YVilliam YV. Uhvan sworn?Was present
r; court, and had heard the testimony of Mr. Robert
le and was present at the vestry meeting with M
r; Roberts; Mr. Van Zandt used the lauguage me
rl tioard by Mr. Roberts, viz: "it cannot be me, ft
k- knowing my own propensities," Sic Mr. V
e Zandt read from a paper before him, but he su
>k init'ed nothing to ns in the vestry; with referen
it- to the character of the girls, he said, " it is ton b
10 that my ^hitherto fair character should be ruin
in by those atrumpcta." I think that those were 1
ed words; he also said, "he thought clerpym
ih onght to be castrated, and then sucn charges con
ut not be bronght against them."
tie Crow Examined by Mr Sibley.?The meeti
er of the vestry was informal?Mr V. Z. did most
ip the talking?there was no record made of any thic
r, I never saw the paper Mr V. Z. read, except
id his bands. I paid particular attention to the pi
i'.? sages in this conversation which I have repeatc
ed because it was what I had not expscted to he
as from oar minister, hot improper and unbrcomin
n ; and it made a deep irapre-aion on roc. 1 think tl
oe Jnhn Cole, DanielGraves, Ansel Roberta, Dr.Tot
e- YVm C. Starrs, and, I think, the whole vest
eu were present hut one. The meeting was on a M<
i's day evening, between the 5th and 15th of July,
th Rr examined.?YVitness has been a friend to N
xi- V. Z. up to the time of that vestry meeting.
William C. Stobrs?is one of (he vestry
"J Grace Church, and was present at the meeting;
* j. think Mr. Vau Zandt said that kuowing his prope
?* sities and desires, and hit fondness for the laaie
r V he h?d been careful net to be alona with female
r? 1 thiatr this was in the paper he read; he call.
?* the two Miss Murdocks strumpets; and, to a i
mark of Mr. Cole, said it was a pity ministers wc
" net caitraled, and then such charges could not1
?" brought against him; on tho Saturday prcvioui
nt rode with him to Brockport and returned; he sa
ho was siek iu body and mind; ihat o.i tl
* day prerMMs tome one had told him th
01 he had visited Mrs. Murdock, she refusi
M to shake hands with him, and said, "yi
m have ruined my daughter, and ruined my lair
Bn lvI ibintr he said that he hid asked to seetl
'* girl, (Sophia) but that her mother refused; ai
"" finding he could do nothing with the family I
'n came awav. He said that at one time there hi
(le I Kaaii n SndtnaeAlf kotuPPtt tllfl 1XVO filTlilio
tr but that it had been broken off, and that lie ?u
r>' prctcd Sophia wai in the family way, I', run hrr a
i ea ranee and mode of draining; that tbere hi
'K been improper intercourse between hia nephs
Thaddeua and Mary .Vurdork ; on one necarion 1
rn (Mr Vun Zandl) misted Thaddeiis from the rooi
' * went up itaira,J found Thadden*' room locks
went up ten inmutea after; Mary came out, and I
Y" found I haddeui within, lie aaid he thought I
,n improper Intimacy had aubaiated between hia n
',c phew and Sophia, whom he deaeribed aa a modei
rt" unassuming tirl. [Some part of witneaa'a descri
n> tion of Mr Van Ziadt's language, ia too indelica
f'c for the press] Mr. Van Zandt drank gin and a
ra gar at (I think wilneaa said) three or four diflere
er paces; it did not in the least affect hia conr?
B? aation '1 he reatry took aome a'epa at the raectii
I was a?, to lay the matter before the Bishop.
r< [Nothing important appeared to be elicite f
en Mr Sibley's very able cross examination. T
?" above three memberaof the vestry of Grace Char
gave the testimony with much eUarness, precisit
*' and decorum ; and apparently made a deep impn
V* tion < n the large and respectable audience, whu
* orderly and sedate behavior was never surpass
at any court ef justice at which this reporter h
ot been present, either in Europe or America.
ce Mait Mi rdock, sworn. [Examined by Jnd
l,e Shelden.J ? Witness ia the sister of Sephia Mt
l# dock ? Rev. Mr. V. Z had taken liberties with t
j. person of this witness. [ There was a strong effi
made by the counsel for the defence to induce t
ail court to prevent Miss M. from stating any i
ht Itftt conduct of Mr. Van. Zandt towa
c. ner, though they did not specially object
it ; to this it was replied that Mr. Van Zsn?
DC by .>bis assertion, as to his uniform careful cr
?. duct towards females of his congregation, by!
nlJ admitted intimacy with the Murdock family, I
r . his attack on the character of witness befo
^ his vestry, and by his situation as a christian n
,r luster, had given ample occasion for the qucati'
, .' objected tn.] Mis* M's examination continue
Jo The first ;ime Mr V. Z. took liberties wilhw
(,e ness was in the vestry room ol St Paul's churc
tn when he put bis hands in her bosom When I w
alone with him, (she added) in his home, in b
study, he put his hands under my clothes?he d
?Kio ores or hi irr?he suid " Mollv. VOu must n
" do ?o any more." I replied, " 1 weald not ha
u. dona 10 hid It not been for you " Recollects bci
in Mr Van Zandt'a siudy when her sister was the
,r'" with her slate, algebra and pencil; her titerauk
10 ki n to eltow her Itow to do a auru in algebra;
' said he eou'd not, and (said witness) 1 tc Id him
11 thought he wia just at- p>mart in that ? he waa
m any thing el?e. There waa a bed in hie n'udy, a
" an arm chair; witneia sat in tha arm chair one i
ternocn, and read the N. Y. Mirror ; doea not l
?e member whother her *i?icr waa or was not pi
rent
'e* Cross r;v-xlion^fl hy Mr. SHUlty?Witnea* did n
tell either her moihrr or her aiater that Mr- V
Zand! had put hi* hind under her clothe*; no o
"f clue had ever done to to her before; it waa in t
? reatry room, next to the Sunday School, that
J put hia hand* into her bosom; they were trimmi
the church; it was about two years ago; the ti
Mis* Kmily Be. ra, but not her mother [MissM?
r" is intelligent?wore a dark printed cotton dre
white merino ahawl, with a straw bonnet, beau
er fully trimmed with green silk velvet, and veil?h
answers were prompt, to the purpose, and tvere
*" be heard. Mr. Van Zandt aat hes.de hi* couna
,nt grave and aedate, gave few if any hint* to the la
yrra, but looked a little earewora. Meisati
r7 stout made man, middle aged, with brown ha
"m large and black whiskers, extending under hi* el
he ?is rather good looking, and a* if good natnred.
The next witneta a worn waa timer M Waa
" He waa in Mr Van Zandt'a atnJy some moot
ago ; on the door leading from the study to the ha
* a nirht lock had been taken olf, wkich witness pi
dueed ; it oponed on the outside by a key only, a
"* on the inside by a lalck ; a atnall bit of wood pise
above the lateh would prevent it being opened
the onf?ide by a key I think| knob with a to
11 lock is in the place of the bre?a night lock ua
formerly.
te Fainsv AtTrtaoog, >
fr. 1 o'clock. 5
mt (The crowd la the hall waa so great that the ?
to fondant, w'taeeee*, jurofe, and the people, w*
id nreveitod from getting Into tho Court room for
re least 15 minute* ; every bo-*y kopt in good humi
it and as many as possibly could flard room, were *
i? nutted J
1-, Tavca K Lavivaavow, PtaeMeM of the Hank
X- Monroe aweru ?Had hooa aeauaintrd with I
iat Murdeek for 26 to 28 years. (It waa the wish
to- thecoma*! for the prosecution to examine this w
tk D*e>, aa to Um character of Um prosecutor and I
SERA
), 1842.
he family, but the counsel lor the U?l< i.ce objected,
lie ndmitting the great respectability ol Mr mdMn
in- Murdoch,* and of their connexion*, a* stated by
ng Mr. Sclden in his opening Mr. Livingston's testiir
inony was not taken.]
ny QAahon Kkk Kiort sworn. ?Mr Van Zandt about,
ia- a year ago, stated to this witneas, that in any event
lie thought lie would be worth twenty thousand
a dollars.
im Crosn-txaminnl?II# said, at the same time, that
if his property in New York was mortgaged forsevat
era), he thought, t-ix thousand ; said what his store
he in New York was encumbered lor, and what it
nd waj worth ; he had been offered considerably over
ri- ?20,(KM) for it, but it would not fetch so much
n- aow, but would leave him nett ?13,000; he had
e- property in Rhode Island.
in G. \V. Pmatt had aecn a child at 8oj>hia Mur
er dock *, supposed tube tiers; 11 lias u ngiu com'0
ploxion.
p; Mr. Sibi.ey objected to the description of the?
er infant. lie had never before seen or heard testius
mony of this kind proposed, perhaps we may hare
a some phrenological bumps.
as Mr. Ski.dfn desired to prove that, in a very
to strong and striking degree,the child resembles Mr
li- Van Zandt; and if it be an established fact that
t) children usually resemble their parents, the testik,
monv of Mr. 1'ratt is pertinent. For example if
dt its skin were black.
tb Judge Dayton.?That would;show it to belong
ut ton dill'*rent raee.
at Mr. Selden went into a disquisition at some
n- length, to show that it has always been held that
lie the strong resemblance of a child to a supposed
y, parent is a strong proof of paternity. [We had
e. Here an accession of a dozen of well dressed ladies ]
to Mr. Sibi.e y said thcranevcr was and never could
or he such a case quoted in the books. If a^reseinit
blunec exists at all, it must be to both parents, and
in not to either?but the best evidence would be the
it production of the child in court. How could this
d, sort of testimony be sent up to the Supreme Court 1
id The CottHT thought that various persons on teeit
ing a child would have various opinions?and nnat
less an anthority was shown in the bonks, be
le would not permit the question. It would bring into
u- court perhaps half the physicians in town,
ch Mr. Seldeis said 1 am prepared to prove that
n. Mr. Van /andt has a finger crooked, and so as to
in he a deformity, that at least one of his acknow
ts, ledged children has the same finger crooked?and
lr. that this child of Miss Murdoch's has the same
ii- finger crooked. I
io- ts ? :-i ?j v.. il:. ...i. :r u. r? I
?r, 1"1 ijl D uli I S till, HUM UJ IIIIB IUIC, II I'll . ail
an Zand'.'s other children hare not this crooked finger
ib- they are not his !
ce [Gen. Matthews, Nath Rochester, and E. D
ad Smith were brought forward to ascertain from them
ed whether the paper read by Mr Van /audi to his
lis vestry is the same as is now read, purporting to be
en a copy of that document.]
ild E. I). Smith said, the paper in court corresponds
substantially with the paper 1 received from Mr.
iig N. Rochester?it is not the same paper. I thought,
of when Mr. Roberts testified, that the expression
ig. he mentioned, or the substance of it, was in the
in paper I read. [It is not in the eopy in court ]
is. Mm. Baldwin sworn.?[Brought a young child
id, with her]?Was present at the birth of Sophia
>ar Murdoch's child; skonld think it was full grown;
ig; it weighed 8$ pounds; witness is a nurse; it had a
at very strong voice; the child is the one with witiy,
ness; it was born on the 4th of August last. [Here
ry the boy began to squall in a strong key, aud after
in one question by Mr. Sibley, it was carried out of
court.J
|r. Mrs. Stevens wis present at Mr. Van Zandt's
room, Spring-street House, when Mrs. James S.
af Gregory was there, in the latter part of last July;
j Mr and Mrs. V. Z , Mrs.G. and self were present;
a. the servant came and said a gentleman wished to
>( speak with Mr. Van Zandt, who left the room, and
!(! iu fifteen or twenty minutes came back and said
f|j that good news had come?that Mr. Striager said,
,e. that Mr. Williams said, that he could produce
re two gentlemen who would come forward if called
^ on, and testify that they hud connexion with So,
j phiathemsclves.
jj Miss Elisabeth Atkinson sworn?[Mr Selden
s'atcd that he proposed to prove by her that
Mr. Van Zandt bad taken such liberties with her,
that it eanscd her te avoid the congregation ]
Miss Gii.kckson, (ahandsome,modest young laii
dy.) was one evening at Mr. Van Zandts levea;
|(i> went up io his study to get some books; witness
and Sophia, and other ladies went up; tbey left;
l,e Miss G and Sophia remained; Mr. Vau Zar.dt kiss#(j
ed witness, wha told him to let her alone; he also
kissed Sophia; this was in '41; ibinks it was in
|g* the fall; sit ce this matter became public, Mr. Van
_ Zandt has called at our house, and said it was not
|*i necessary she should come forward as a witness,
w a id asked il ibe saw him kiss Sophia; witness said
she did.
n [The reporter was absent fifteen minutss, and on
j! his return found Mr F. M. Haight addressing the
lie jury for tbe defence, the case lor the prosecuticn
bo hsVmg closed.]
e_ Mn. Haight, said, that he who frnly believes in
(( the doctrines of Christianity, is thereby made a
' better man?be trusted that the character of his
IC client would not be iniured by the fact that he is a
n_ minister of tbe Gospel?and that the tittle-tattle of
nt this community would not be suffered to interfere
,r_ with the verdict?in the outset they had been told
Q of tbe fashion even of defendant'* carmen's, but of
" that there had been no manner of proof?and much
jj testimony offered ha* been re jected by the Court as
1^ improper and irrelevant?He badethe jury re mem^
berthatt' e facta charged against the defendant,
)D except in one case, had no time stated, even the
s ' month they happened in could not be told. We
|ge expect to show an intimacy between the principal
e(j witness [Miss Sophia] aad a young person, from
|M which this pregnancy may have arisen?we
shall show that oa one occason they were in the
privy together for some time?on another that
Ke they were in the wood-shed together?wo
'r* cannot prove a direct connection ? we will
"c show that on Kridav the sixteenth of October
'rt the day stated by the lasly, no each connexion
"c could have happened, aa she states?and this by
Bl; unimpeachable testimony?a brother clergyman,
T" then a settled minister in a neghbnring county He
canoe hore on the 16th in the morning, and remain"
e I with Mr. Van Zandt till dinner'ime,dined with
>n* him, then went to his sindy, and ported with him
at the door of Mrs Sherman On that day, too, a
young gentleman dined with them and then went
re up to his study, where he remained til) the two
u" clergymen came up, when he went away. They
nn wonld thus show that in the only case in which a
. lime had been given by tbe prosecution, the state,l"
ments made were utterly fulse.
II* (Mr. II.) weiild claim, that aa they hail ad s
milled the fairness of the prosecutor's character,
" so the character of the defendant would be held to
have been upright, untarnished and free from
blame up to the time when this false chargu was
v* made, from which ha expected that the jury
would giro him a speedy deliverance We only
r" otTcr a brief outline of Mr. Haigk's onenirg. ?o lar
aa we heard it His style as a spcr.uer is agrtca"*
bio, and any thinpc but tedious.
jn Mi?* PaATT, called at this time for the prnse.c iQtj
tion, (by previous agreement,) one evening witnj.
aeaa'a mother had been passing the evening wit
0. Mrs. Murdoch, ihe thought ?hc would take a walk
r%. down to Mr. Murdoch'*, and ri turn with her rao.
ther. Kheaawone of the young ladies (Sophin)
on the atepa, mad a person with a sersr in his
ln month, who pntted through a gap in the ft nee, hut
returned and spohe to witness. and then w?nt
u away. This was Mr. V. Z IVitnes did not reu
collect that he wore a particular kind of pantaloons.
Had seen him wearing pantaloons opening
J in frant. (Mr Sibley asked her if snrh pantaloons
were commonly worn; she said tU?y were. A
J number of ladies who hail attended on subpoenas to
ti* to testify as to Mr. V Z's indecent eondurt, returned
home, the court having determined that
f evidence of his misconduct in ea-its beyond the
I* circle of the family of the prosecutor, aurl uncon'
* neeted with that of Sophia Murdoch, is inadmis
7i, -'"'J _
|gf 1 xstimoxt rim tiib Dcrnncn.
tin Rar. Thomas H. Bsittah sworn?Kxamiued by
Mr Siblxt.?Calledjoa Mr. Van Zai<dt nnfne 10.h
D. of Ootoher, 1*40; went oy?r to Coburg; returned
h' on the 16(1, of that ninntb, l>y the oars from Cor"
tbage at half past ten o'clock I remained with
him till the Saturday following, and supplied his
n" place in the pulpit en the Sunday succeeding the
16th: he left home ou Saturday to preach in Ilatavia
for Dr. ; I found Mr. Van Zandt at heme
h on my return fr< to Canada; we took a walk in t!>c
d city sud returned fer dinner; we cat semi time in
his s'udy; dinner was not ready, for which Mrs.
V. expressed her regret; f remained with
him to dinner, and Mrs. V. excused herself
lc- from not remaining longer, saving she was
>ra going to a sewing party, and considerably
Ut behind her tims?two o'clock. 8)>e did not return
?r. After dinner w? sat about half at hour.and then as
>'* eroded into the ktudy ?the front rovm up stai s?a
Iirgr room We remained together (beand I) till
of ah >uf 4 o'olock ; he then took cat his wateh and
*r he# r*d to he excused as he bad a party to attend at I
of which he was'xpeeted to be present ; be asked
it- me to aceompaay nim; I did so as far as the doer,
us aid the re we parted It wae a house three or four
^
LD.
Prlc? Tm OMtt
doom north ol St. Paul's Cuuicb, where jVir Van
Zandt officiated. I then went iutoMain ft , and then
to the road opposite the North American Hotel,
and thenet directly to Mr V Z.'s house and cnteoad
hi? study,which 1 iihv tjfc found on the latch, and remained
there till summoned to tea, which 1 took
with Mr. Vau Zandt's mother, and remained till J
lie mum home. That day dilld with me, Mr. and I
Mrs. Van Zandt, his mother, Thaddeus and Janiee *
DeWolf. hi the morning of that day TFriday] I
found James DeWolf at Mr. Vau Zandt s?he had i
come there during my absence at Coburg. At dinner,
DeWolf and Thaddeus rose from table as soon
as Mr. Van Zandt, ami when 1 went into the study
I found Mr, DeWolf preparing to leave it.
On the following Sunday alter I preached here,
I preached my fir it sermon at Palmyra, where ]
w us afterwards settled Mr. Van Zandt was not, to
the best of my belief out <-f my presence from the
time we took a walk on Friday morning till we
parted at Mrs. Sherman's door; but I will not ^
swear to that; 1 aui positive it was about half past
two when we were that day summoned to dinner;
when I returned from accompanying Mr. Van Zandt
to Mr.i Sherman's, 1 found Mr. \ an Zandt's noIhar.iwl
hi* sklU>.< ? ? ' '
. .... .... limic ?v?r a jirnUT 9IUD UI IOC J
Firemen with their engine* passing, and I eat with 4'
the children at the window that tlxy might are it; '
an to 1 he Jay of the month, 1 have no doubt: it was
the 16tb; lam :urc, I am not mistaken. Do yoa
with me to assign the causel Mr. Sibley replied
"1 do not, fir." Witness continued. 'J'haddeu*
Van Zandt, was a tall young man, uot very atout,
about 18 yearn of ago, and to mc he had the appenrance
of a worn out rrke.
Oojf txamincd by Mr. S. L Stlion.?K paper waa
handed to w itness and he win askid it that was his declaration
made to
t came by the stea mrr Gore, and arrived at the landing,
and immediately took the cat a for Rochester on the 18th.
On the following Monday 1 took hreahfbft, and then .
took a ttroll t# see the town?into Main Mieet, down to \ 1
where the Batavia can usually land, ond th< n directly \
back the tome way. I then returned to the study and
read till dinner time. Mrs. Van V. indt. sen. told me she
was nfraid Thaddeui would corrupt De. Wolff moral*.
On that day, De Wolf.Tbaddeut, Mrs. VanZandt; senior
and junior, and the children were at dinner.
Mr. Hihi.kt?We will now take Tuesday. ,
\ViTs?n?I appeal? I cannot really recollect. On the
Friday I either dined with hitn or Mr. Colea that day. 1
cannot charge iny memory as to what else I did. It w as
not till ten months afterwards, viz : in August, 1R1,
that my attention w as colled to the < v< nts ol the I6:h of
August. IS4t>. I am sure that Mr- Vanzundt did not leave
his study slteranr walk till dinner?we had wine at dinner
011 that day, and on the oths r day, the 10th of Oct.
und en no other days. On? day, a dome,tic, a female,
came to the dining room door, and was told that a young
lady wanted to speak to htm?Mrs. V. was leaving the
dining-room at the moment?lie tens absent 10 or IB
rainutrs or more?I stopt at the table with his mother
that evening till ho came back. I cannot tell a hat day
this oecttrred, but it was one dny that week. Hla mother
asked who the young lady was?ha told her that
she also wanted a book?I do not remember her name.?
On that day he went into the study alter dinner?no one
was there. One day, thu 10th, Mrs. V. set a part of a bot- y
tip of madeira on th? table, at Mr. V.^ request?this was \
before she went to Mrs. Sherman's. I ri.ncot jiostively *
swear tbat the young lady did not call for the book* on
the 16th, but believe not. I relatid this matter to Mr.
Hill?and on another occasion to Mr. R. Jackson? I think
I aaid nothing about the yating lady's call to these gentle*
men or to the committee of the church, lbave passed
many sleepless nights li ving to rrcolluct what took
plare at Mr. Vanrsndt'f w hen I was there.
Hero Mr. Selderi read a letter from this witness to
Mr. Vnnzandt. dated last Sept.. acknowledging past favors,
and stating that he could tie no data to show that
it was not on the 16th he (V.) was absent with young
lady, and that in the meantime this witness's evidence
would do defendant no good. When tho young ladycalled,
Mr. V. invited her to take part of the desert?she
decl'nrd, saying she had dined and w as in a hurry going
somewhere. 1 cannot iwsitisely say this was not the day
Mrs. V. said she was going to the society.
Cou,t of Common Pleas.
Bcfi re Judge Ulahoeffcr.
Jan. 4?Thomas Coles vs. If. I). Cool id tge ?Tbia
was un action for slander, the damage* laid at
01.000.
David Ukaham, Esq. in opening the rasa, stated
that the plaintiff waa a respectable shoe dealer
in the city of New York, and had transactions with
the defendant, a shoe merchant residing at Hoaton.
.Mr. Coles had been unfortunate in business. Mr.
Conlidge gave out that he waa u rogue, u cheat,
and a swindler, and he could send hitn to the State
rrison. :\<r. uoies nau tiecn injurwU by the remarks,
anil now (ought reparation.
Mr. Peter V. Tilyoi- sworn?Kept in hit f?tliai's
store, that of Mr. John D.Tilyou,in Chatham
street; ?nmc time in January, 1840, Mr. Coolidge
and Mr. Cole* were in our store; considerable conversation
took place between them ; Mr. Cole*
was calm, but Mr. Coolidge a little angry; the latter
*aid, in allusion to tome buaines* hetwet nthem.
that it w as a swindling transaction?that Mr. Colt*
was a swindler, and hf/d swindled him out of hi*
goods, and he was able to prove it, and could seud
him to the State Prison.
Mr. John Ga vwor was then called?Kept in Mr.
Tilyou's store, and heard the conversation alluded
to by the last witness.
Mr. Graham, in further proof of Mr Coolidge'a
position in regard to Mr. Cules, read the following
letter .?
Mh. Tho*. Colics ?
S layouts
of the8th inst. is reci ived.buttoo late to prevent
patting my friends in Mrrv York to more additional
trouble on mv account. You say if I have nop proposition
to make, to do it definitely, and you will answer.
I wrote you in my last that, with you, 1 should have
do negotiations. I have no proposition to make to yon.
If Mr. Tilyou will undertake to nrgotiatc between us,
with him I w ill confer. I consider him u gentleman, and
am willing to try to bring the firat matter in dispute to
an amicable orrangiment. With regard iothe latter,the
next you hear may be " The State o( Now York versus
Coles It Howe," or else a rrrpiisjtion from this State, fur
obtaining good* under falcc pretence*. 1 aui col to be
fooled with much longer.
Your*, he. W. I). t'OOLlDliB.
Boston, Keb. 12 ltm>.
Mr N. B Blcxt, for defendant, then moved a
unuMiit, on the ground that the words complained
of were spoken tothe defendant huntrif, mid not
to third parties, and the letter had been written to
the defendant personally. He contended that no
lander, in consequent e, had I ten proved The
Co :rt, however, overruled the objection, spying
that sufficient had hren proved to go tc the Jury
M r Bi.u.vt then opened for the defei.ee,and contended
that in producing the letter, the counsel for
plaint ill" had brought himself within the rules ?
lie had presented charges o'ber than those aontained
in the declaration, whi-.h gave the. deftuco
an npportunitr of going into justification.
This waa denied by Mr. Graham, who remark'
ed that the letter was merely in proof of the declaration,
and that the counsel must confine hia
evidence to tho specific charge.
The Court observed that tho letter contained
charges of felony, averring that the plaintiff waa
liable to a fr minnl action, and had bun guilty of
obtaining goods under false pretence. So far <he
counsel nm ftt liberty to bring justifying proof,bnt
not beyond that point.
Mt<ira, Ttt.rov tnrf Gavaoi wrre a??in placed
upon the stand, but nothing additional w*j elicitSamufl
Howr. sworn.?TVat ono of the liria?
kept a shop. store at 59 Liberty atrnt. corner of
tiree'i; stopped payment in .tune or J illy, ltCfT;
Mr. Cries then t ink stor No. M2Chatham street,
an I we removed to it; in owed Mr. C.onliifge between
$800 end $li.00 far oonte and shoes; (helaat
we rtcairad from linn ??* the day bcfi re or the
f>me day that we slopped payment; the hill
ainountad to $300 or .>'100; on I he previous Saturday
willies t^ave the nrd' r personally, on board
the steamboat, to Mr. Coolidgp, as the latter was
starting lor Beaton,and requested thut the boot*
and shin * should be srnt mi by WeJnrsday, as we
were de ?ir ut t'f lushing up an ois!er fer the south;
the failure was t?n-*peeted; we had g'.o'a and paper
enrn;h on hand to pay our debts, with Jj20,OflO
surplus. Mr. Coetii'gc came ou aga n ju?t aa wo
had shipped bis hill of etioea, or were about to
hip thtM; cannot say wbi h I told Mr. Coulidge
thatj ve treey Veairous of filling the southern order?lha'
if he would leave them with us lie should
lote nothing?that if we were compelled to male
an a?f uennient, hi* debt shou'd be a preferred one
We did isaign, Mr. Tilyon (which gentleman, Mr
Coles and mvaelf are broih? r?-in-law) being one of
theaoicnee*. hut I at first refuted to sign it, a- iwivate
debts of Mr. Co lea were placed in it, while
debt a of the firm that ought to have been, were not
ac. Wefowed. when we stooped, between $W,QUO
and $90,000; the debt|fof Mr. Coolidgr was not
placed among thnac ef preferred creditors; the
preferred debt amounted to between >10,000 aud
$12,000, the whole of which hare cot yet b?e?
paid; aetinna were afterwards iuatitaUd ay eewsc
of the creditors against the firm and against the assignees.
one of which ia now in Chancery.
The CenaT charged that the avidenco neither
justified in law the ?a,ir?fsion?, or the charges contained
in the litter. The plaintiff wae, therefore,
entitled to damages.
A rated verdict will he brenght ia this fortaoon.
>r
r NE i ljiiK HERALD.
Wewr York, Wtdatldty, January 5, I f
, '-*?== ? ?
I l.x ikaouim.n shy ) hiai. or the Rev. Mr. \ as
Zardt ron thc ^edi'i tios or a Young Lady is
Rochester.?We give to day, m exclusion of e\rr\
thing r!s ?ii a h inter- - ting an.I moral eharucter
ih<- extraordinary trial "I the Rev. Mr. Van V. ;n*
f ' of Rochester, lor the seduction of a young lady
We,; have not a word to eay on this development
Let every one make his own reflections.
<>?ihiu1 K\|ni??-The Governor's Message
We return our tln?uks to pt Schultz and the
Erie Railroad Company, for bringing us (in row
man irith all lf,c olhn niirspajttri) the Governor 1
Message last night, free o| expense, at 11 o'clock.
Tfcey are true to their word. No exclude > \press
was run this time.
The Ban km rr Law.?This law, a.-is well known,
L goes into operation in about three weeks, unlet*
I previously rep? led by Coagrets. The great quesft
tion, therefore, is, will it r<maina law tf the land
B | Of this then aregrea o ibta, aalea the trinh ol
B f the measure be-- vetwith seal and activity,
and that too immediately yes, even to-day they
should begiu, i.ud not loose a moment.
f tana mucn, we say wi UW ciuaena generally i
but to the Representatives in Congress we say, lei
the measure remain a law of the land ; let it be
> fairly tried, at hast, before it is stricken from the
statute book. Do not be deceived by the reception
of a petition signed by a few persons who are opi
posed to this measure, but who cannot give a really
sensible reusou why ttiey are so opposed to it
Think ot the thousands of homst r.nd industrious
men, who are at prt enl cruaht d to the earth?wha
" .i can do nothing for themselves or the.r families, bej
i cause ol the absence of a bankrupt law ; and who,
I v if that law were m oper ition, might be able to go to
[ work, and perhaps pay off every shilling of the ii
m debts Taerefore, we hope Googieo* will give it i
I fcir trial, and not pass a law to repeal it before it has
K 1 MM into operation. If they should do so, we hope
I President Tyler will veto the repeal law.
Lr Jumcc Wilkt?We find in the "Baltimore ClipI
per," the following remarks in relation to Justice
^ Wiley. Alter stating that the petit jury found Mr.
Wiley gtulty, and recommended him to mercy, the
"Clipper" goes on to say, " which mercy will not,
we hope, be extended to him except on the condition
that h xvill disclose the namesol the r-bbers of
the Frederick County Hank. Justice Wiley has figured
long and on a large scale, as the agent for rogues,
and it no doubt possessed of many secret!
worth knowing. Now, as we firmly believe, that
a portion of the police of the country has been con
nected with the robber-1 for whom Wiley has acted,
1 a full disclosure would be of great service to the public,
and give Wiley some claim to the mercy of the
Court. If he refuse to do this act of justice, let him
sutler the penally which he has netirred "
Such are the opinions of many influential persons
in Maryland, as set forth in the "Clipper." and such
L are alaothe opinions of many persons in this city,not^
withstanding Justice Dloodgood says tliut the l'rovij
d?nce ltauk affair was a highly creditable transaction
; and Mr- Wiley owes it to himself and to his
friends, who so nobly stood by hitn in the hour of
his trial, to make the requisite disclosures- For ourselves
we have always looked upon Justice Wiley as
k a highly respectable, got I, amiable man, a warm
I partisan, and vers valuable to his parly as a politi1
cian?a good shot, a in ti of talent, and possessed of
R fine sociable qualities. But still wc have thought and
I tliinK so still, Itiat Ue wna Ihe dupe of tome police
officers in the Frederick Hank affair; and that the
oflicera did the negotiations with the rogues So,
Therefore, we say let U; have the. names of the officers
and thieves, and let Justice Wiley go free
Niw SuRGioar. Work, hv Dn Mott.?Dr. Mott
m preparing to publish h s lec'urea on surgery, now
delivering in the University?probably next spring.
They will form a \ .luabie accession to medical literature.
For a sp' cimen of their value, sec the
, Lancet.
The Fluiuuv W'au m at.- The Custom llonse
Investigation Report by good "Old Poins."
R.vrv Discloscm:- o vino.?The stockholders ol
the United Stated L'uiik have il-p rtrntu d to publish
the names of all their debtor , at full length. Botiet
t late than never.
Bt.xrx Man.?The lirst dipe of this medicine
that was tvtr swallowed, was $.">2,725, by a pair c I
eminent men, now no more.
Tmf.Rkv AdioailKolsom, f >j ,osce morc ?Th.s
nit resting y< Ug lad) aeeUM to be every where ||
or, e, and a common disturber, : all timed Last Sanday,
John Nt wiand MaiTit preached at the Odeon,
in Boston, anJMis- Abigail, or Jez.'bel, as she is
s?>inetiinea called, pr- ached there mo. The con,
sequence wns that one < f them hud to knock under,
and, as the woman was the weaker vessel, she
w n carried out?but not to the pump.
Is it Come to This!? VVe tind in one of the v, ry
hi lily respectable d uly newspapers of Boston, the
annexed (Advertisement: ?
Cikt k Cowrvno*.?The undersigned v\ t re appointed
at a meeting in Chardon Street Chapel, on the ol
October last. a Committ,e to call a Convention, to t>?
tyledihe Bible Convention, for the put lie diicmaiou
of the crwli 'ili' \ and authority of the Scriptures of the
Old and New Teitami nts. AVr do, lbtrefore, invite all
peraon* dupoted to take part in thia diteuAaion, to meet
at the Ma.oni,- T, tuple. in B.xfon. en Tun toy, the U9A
fay of March IMi, ?t 10 o', lock A. M
U WALDO F.MKRkON,
A. BRONSON ALCOTT,
MARIA WESTON CHAI.VJAN,
KDML'ND QL'INCY.
This if certainly something nt w?a notion emi
a- ntly from ihe cast. It the pilgrims of 1622, n-po
sing in the grave-yards of Boston, conld raise u;
th -:r heads and re .id u< h anncun ements whn
i would they aay of their de,c< ndanta? In this grea
m tropolis, which is generally put down as a mo
dern Sodom and Cromorruh, such conventions an
not so far out "f the way. We have had for mant
years, ciUjwM of unbelievers among ue, giving li e
tares aguinst all relic ton, aid all pociety. This i* i
very wicked city, ai. 1 such things might be expec
ted. But Boston has a p.lgrim character to tak
oare of. Do ?uth thingr c. me ol railrviad.-, strnni
or what!
Da. Laxpmi iv IfiTcs.?Oocttir Lardner bcgai
his leeiures in n >-* >n la-* Monday. There is som
opposition to hun lh< among ihejnorali -,hut it i
probable that, in a city where a convention is he!<
! to diwuw 'he . " dilu : y of th" I"ible, tlu y n ay p>-r
mit an eloquent lecturer to discourse on the star* t
I heaven, even it be did take WW Kktflin wit
II another in . a
Latest mom it to pi Javt.iho?Tile Cluabet
Hall, armed at Baltimore, from Uio dr Taneir?
f brings papers to tlm 23 J of November. We hat
, ' ao room to-day for a letter, but wtll only stat th.i
* flour i( aaid to have improved, and Baltimore hr
sold at I5?t5r??>, and'Richmond nt 201 The etoc
i ,n first hand* was about i*>.000 bbls.
I t,ltirnr> Nntlrra,
Mean Geo. L. Curry ,V Co. have sent u? the Fir
No. of the Ladv'a Musicai LiantRT, emhracti
I the tnoel popular and fashionable music of the day
Aleo, No. 4, of Historv or Napolkoiv.
\ The Kairimrn kkh for Jan 12. comes to
nchly fraioht'-d with matters of both instruction a
amusement, fr >tn the j>en- of some of our rno.-t c
ed writers. Th.s is decidedly the favorite month
periodical of the New York public,
t' From Mrs temiina M- on, the indefatigable lat
publisher, we have r> ceivi d tne valuable p r.i
cnls Ht.srawoon'* Fiumb -ram .M*o?riirt, n, :t|
for December, tstl: thn work need* no " hi. h."
The Mrritrroi.iv v Mvoxzisr, for DevmlIrMI,
with a rich m'-i-- of contents And Hi sru i
MtKiutsr. N fid, l?-e 1*11 The abov thr<
periodicals embrace the rr tm of foreign i?et d
literature TN-y are stnn 'nrd periodicals, ' n-?
the world over
Lr:"
LogGl u lire u( \iw Yoik
GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE.
The Skhite met at 12 o'clock yes'erdav The
i President took the chair, called tin* f*euate to order,
i and the oath of office was administered to the Se'
tutors eli ct.
, The House or Assemm.\ was culled to order at 11
t o'clock, by Mr. l'mnoi.r., the Clerk of the last
lfott .e. and the oaths ot office were administered by
Chief Justice Nelson.
The Hou.-e then proceeded to ballot for SpeakerMr.
I. S. Cuatfield, of Otsego, received 9.1 \otes.
Mr. George A Simmons, of K?er, received 82
* votes, scattering 2 votes.
Mr. CriATrtKLo was the-* conducted to the chair,
, and addressed the House in a brief hut very pertinent
speech.
The Governor's Message was then received ;
front which we make the following extracts in rela
lion to the leading topics of interest.
Alter ipetkitg ot the Lunatic A-yium, a very
proper topic to begin w-ith, the Governor speaks of
the Geology of the State, the mission to Holland,
his disputes with Virginia and Georgia, and then
f remarks thus about
The Bams.
Nineteen association* under the General Banking
Law. and five Safely Fund institutions, have b?en
closed I recommend that measures be adapted to
> replenish the Bank Fund without delay, and that it
t be exempted from l ability for private deposties. To
guard hereafter against iraudulent excesses of ctrculatic
n, I suggest that the Safety Fund Institutions
may be required to receive their circulating notes
i from the Bank Cornmi sioners, or the Comptroller, j
While 1 cannot doubt that you will adept these ?r
more suitable measures to sustain the currency and
correct abuses in banking, 1 arn sure thut no harsh
or injurious spirit will be indulged towards insiitu*
1 tions w hieli, deriving their powers from public grants,
i have performed their trusts with general fidelity, and
whose stability is intimately counected with the
public interests and the general wellare.
He then speaks of the reorganization of the Con*
gressional Lhstncts, the state ol crime in the State,
and expresses himself in favor of abolishing capital
punishments- The Heldebarraeh war, Bill Johnson,
and McLeod, are all discussed nt a tedious length ;
and then makes the following remarks about the
Sihooi Fund Question:?
It was among my earliest duties to bring to the
notice of the Legislature the neglected condition of
many thousand children, including a very large
proportion of those of immigrant parentage in our
great commercial city; a misfortune then supposed
to result from groundless prejudices and omissions
of parental duty. Especially desirous at the same
time not to disturb in any manner the public schools
which seemed to be efficiently conducted, although
so ni tny for whom they were established w< rc unwilling
to ri ceive their instructions 1 suggested, as
I thought, in a spirit not inharmonious with our cii
vil and religious institutions, that if necessary, it
might b" expedient to bring those so excluded from
such privileges i.ito schools rendered especially attractive
by the sympathies of those to whom lite
task el instruction should be confided. It lias since
been discovered that the magnitude of the evil was
not fully known, and that its causes were very in*- I
perfectly understoodIt
will be tliown you iu the proper teport. that
twenty thousand children in the city of New York,
oi suitable ttsje, are not at all instructed in any ot the
public schools, w hile the whole number in all the
residue of the State, not taught in common schools,
does not exceed tiiue thousand. What had been
regarded as individual, occasional and accidental
prejudice, have proved to be opinions, pervading a
large muss,^including at least one religious communion
equally with all others entitled to eivil tolerance
?opinions cherished through a period of sixteen
years, and ripened into a permanent conscientious
distrust of the impartiality of the education given in
the public schools. This distrust has been rendered
still deeper and more alienating, hy a Buhverslou of
pr oiotw civil rights of th< as whose cooacienci i ore
'hus offended.
The philanthropy aud patriotism of the present
manager* ot the public schools, and their eflicieney
in imparting instruction, are cheerfully and gratefully
admitted. Nor is it neosary to maintain
that ng'-rits thus selected will become unfaithful, or
that a system that so jealously excludes popular interfercnce,
must ncc-ssarily be unequal in its operation.
U is only insisted that the institution, alter
a fair and sufficient trial, has failed to gain that
broad confidence reposed in the general system of
the Stat'*, and indispensable to every scheme ol
universal educ ition.
The lute eminent Supenntcndant, after exposing
the nines? of this public misfortune, and tracing
it to the tit ' rcpancy between the local and general
systems, suggested a remedy which, although it is
not urged to the exeloMMi of ibt other, seems to
deserve dispassionate consideration. I submit, therefore,
with entire willingness, to approve whatever
nJ??;ii<tf n m dy you rniiy propos', the expediency
of le-torirjj to the people of the city of New York
?what I ntn sure the people of no other part ot the
1 Stnte would, upon any other consideration, relirtquili?tin
education of their children. For this
purpose it is only necetsary to vest the control of
ihe common schools in a board, to be composed of
comtni.iiorerfl .-elected by the people, which board
P shall nppor'i n the schools moneys among all the
1 schools including those now existing, which shall be
organized and conducted in cifnfi rmitylo its general
regulation-- and the laws of the State, in the proi
p rtion of the millibar o! pupils in.-tructecj.
i It :s not hit botib'ful that the' restoration to the
common t-ehoolst f the city, of the simple and equal
feature of the common schools ot' the state, would
remove every complaint, and bring info the seminaries
the ofi prii g of want and misfortune, presented
bv a grand jury on a recent occasion, as neglected
children ot both sexes, who are f und in hordes
' upon the wltirves and in corners of the streets, Mir- ]
rounded by ev.l associations, disturbing the public
peace, committing petty depredations and going
from bad to worse, until their course terminates in
Inch crimes and intmny.
k This proposition, to gntlier the young from the
s*reels and wharves into the nurseries which the
State, solicitous for her security against ignorance,
has prepared for them, has some time hern treated
1 as a device to appropriate the school fund te the en'
dowruent of seminaries tor teaching lanctiai p? and
1 faiths, thus to p?rp?'tuate the prejudices it seeks to
I remove; sometimes ns a scheme fur dividing that
precious fund among an hundred j irring sens nod
i thus increasing the religious aaunosities it strives to
heal; sometimes us a plan to subvert the prevailing
religion and introduce one repugnant to the consciences
ot Mtr fellow -citizens ; while in truth, it
simply proposes, bv enlightening equally the minds
of all, to enable them to detect error wherever it
may exist, nud to reduce uncongenial masses into
- one intelligent, virtuous, harmonious ane happy
, people.
t Being row relieved from s'l such misconceptions,
its presei s the questions whether it is wiser and
more hurt an to educate the tfl'-pring of the poor,
than to leave them t grow up in ignorance and vice;
whether juvenile vice is more e,is ly eradicated by
i ourt ot - s.-ion i than by common scnools ; whether
pnren' ; h ive a right to he heard concerning the ius'rnction
ml instructors of their chddren, and tax
* p ?vr- in relation to the expenditures of phblic lnnds;
w hether, in a republican government, it ir necissa.
rv to inte'xt-e an independent corporation between
the people and ihe choolmaster, and whether it is
w t" utid j =?) to disfranchise an entire community
of all c ntrol over pubic education, rather than suifer
p pari to be repr< ser.ted in proportion to it namu
b'T-ar.d contrd utions Since such considerations
are now involvi d, w hat h s hnhrito been discuss*
fd is a question of benevolence end of universal
s education, li t s became ore of tqnal civil rights, r'1
ligious toleran und liberty of conscience
The ft illov >g arc the only other paragraph* ol
'1 interest worth quoting (rotn the ine.-uge :?
The Tsevscav
| The con it-on of the Tr asury w ill be fully pre
| s? nte.l by a report from the proper officer. The
h revenues fi< in every source exhibit a praspe *oua
increase Vhe amo int derived from miction duties
' wae #206.702. being an iucrea?o of <? 12 000 over
the Corresponding revenues in Hie pr. nous fisr.il
t ye. r. Tin amount received by the superintendent
d i??r duties on the manufacture of salt, vras #lfM,2lti,
lieing n\"re than n *? received in the previous
year by w3t?.o8fi The manufacture of tit, and con
sequcntly the revvnue, have b en improved by allowing
drawbacks upon our ?alt reaching distant
markets
ut casAt tom s.
nj Although the haiVests were In. abundant than
her? t ?foie, n I th. r? ha? h en a ronsi^eralile diversion
of w? stern trade through the valley of the St.
Lawrence, the toll* upon 'sell of the canals exhibit
tie a gratifying increaae 1 he Income frees alt daring
id the season of navigati on, was ?2 31 878. exceeding
the tolls the previous year by JiiP, 1.81. equ il to
' 14 50 100 per cent. I he loll in 1 *<31 wrre 51223,
0)
Tho revenue of all the canals daring thr fmca
y o.ir, aftri deducting only the expense* of col t c
i- i >n and ordinary repairs, was 81,551,008. Tbi
4, y croianenf t"iblic debt, at the e' e of the last fiaca
iear; exclnt re of temporary loans, coa'ing n
r. ' bilities. and the balance of the F.rie and t 'hamp
"a 'in canal debt, for the pay meit of which r qui valen
nnde arc aet apart, <15,540,58'), to w hich tivi't b
i Med temporary loans am anting to ?i 1 tx48
i anally payable thereon, 530, ; n I the iriten ?t an
.. is !?, irelndl-'g nl'o iniertsten the stork i ! anm
to (lie rati road companies which are iu del'mlt, is
$1)19,7IM. The debt* consist of stocks chiefly re
de-emsble in 18-13,1-50, 18*)6and l^tjO The amount
of stock* issued to the Delaware and IIud*on Caul
Comp my, and railroad companies, is $5 01)6 700
Yoh wilt, of course, Rive immediate attention to
proper measures for reirabursiug temporary loans
Afer advocating the enlargement of the Erie Canal
and ul-o the Erie Hail l'oad at an exp-t ee of
$9,<XN),0<)0, and internal improvements, the Govrrnor
hiuta boldly ut a system of direct taxation, and then
iC'Sim to conclude thus:?
Since the work* were undertaken, the rate of interest
demanded upon loan* to the State has advanced
from fire to about seven per cent. Prudence,
under such circumstance*, eounscla moderation?yet
the value of money has not increased
as much as the ?,rice of labor and subsistence have
ta.len?and it would certainly be the worst of all
economy to discontinue enterprises so important
for a reason so inadequate, or to sacrifice, in dclavs
and daiiiai.es uiore than the additional cost resulting
from the enhanced rate of interest.
While we ought. therefore, to pursue the undertakings
cautiously, and even ut some apparent although
unreal sacrifice, we are, nevertheless, required
to put forth every effort to restore our public
stocks to their former value. Such efforts, however,
would prove unavailing, if the caHses of the evil
were m sunderstood We are in competition with
oil e'Mutes and countries in borrowing money. The
securities of other nations are not depreciated, while
those of our sister states, whether they owe Jets or
more, are reduced none less than our own, some 3o,
10 50, 60and 70. and even SO percent.
Tlie Federal Governme it, which has once paid
absolutely a debt of $ 189,000,900, and which now
owes nothing, is unable at the sane ta'e of intereM
we offer, to i b uin a loan for three years, of an
amountequal to only half a year's revenues Isit
true then that the depreciation of our stocks has resulted
from the greatness of our debt, or from the
magnitude of our undertakings, or from any tiscal
unsoundness or error ! < >n the contrary, it is apparent,
that our M inks are depressed by some general
cau.e affecting all gov.-mine ntal securities.
? * * * ?
Hut although the c iu-es affecting our public securities
beyond the reach of direct efforts, wc can
nevertheless mitigate the evil and contribute to a
remedy. It is an urgent duty to fortify our cr? d.t, m.t
merely for the purpose of s curing a disctiuiin-?iiun
in our favor, but also to furnish un encouraging example
to our sist'-r S atcs. I suggest, with a view
to this purpose, a rigid adherence, under all circuinstai.c
's, to the rft hitherf obaarnd, that the
wheie public debt shall not be raised above such an
amount as that its interest cannot be paid out of
the current surplus revenues of the canals;
and to remove all question concerning the
fiscal soundness and moral integrity oi the
State, 1 recommend that ail lature revenues
from the National Domain fdiall be pledged us a
Milking fund to the exiingun-lianeut of the pr/.ic.pai
of the public debts, annually paying, or providing
for tlie payment of a part of ihe principal, and absorbing
first the older debts.
If 17 millions of dollars are yet required to complete
our public works, the system 1 have suggested
would in 1855 discharge the whole of onr present
or. .1 (..I ;?,lol..-J..... 1 .. i"? .1? . : I
auu iiiiuic iuur.i?truijcar'l ?uu imrr mm unit* JtTrtVC
us unincumbered annual revenues. if we adopt
this, or some mure judicious fit sal system ?if we
truly value our resources, und justly appreciate our
enterprises, we may prosecute thern diligently and
firmly, and With even higher confidence in their
perfect success and ir-bounded usefulness than has
ever before been entertained.
If, moreover, we declare that at no tune, nor under
any circumstances, can the States justify a violation
of public laith by uuy of our sister States, bat
ut the same time yield to those Slatra in peafornung
their obligations our sympathy, support, and such
nid as is within onr constitutional province; if we
stand by those younger, leas wealthy and leas powerful,
bu equally patriotic members of the confederacy,
in this crisis?a? we know lull well they would
stand by us if menaced frotn abroad?we shall aee
them rapidly recovering from tn-ir embarrassments,
and worthily regaining the confidence of mankindThen
eadhslar will be firmly fixed, the clouds now
gathering will speedily dispere, and the constellation
continue to shed its cheering light upon the
way along which the nations of the earth are advancing
to constitutional liberty.
Elder Kfatp if Hpstof.?The " Boston Mail''
speaks of this evangelist in the following terms.-?
One of the principal 'stars'" ia the religious circles
in Boston, nt the present time, is the Rev. Elder Knapp,
a well known Baptist preacher, who is attructing crowds
of hearers, and creating a great sensation ia the putdic
mind, wherever he appears. We heard him for the first
time, yesterday, st the Rev. .Mr. iS'eale'e church, comer
ol Hanover and Union streets. The house was tilled to
excess in every port. There wus scarcely a standing
place left unoccupied within the walls ; and even the
door-ways wcretiowJed with eager listeners.
Mr. Knapp took his text, from -3,1 chapter ol Job, 3d
. .. n i i,..-... ?i 1 _:-v? i e._
The divcourve, we should think, was u fair specimen oi
hu gvnnrul ?t\le of fp.-ulling. '
Mr Knspp, in onr estimation, is an effective, bat not a
great pieaebnr. He either has rot bet n well educated, or
he cholines to diM egar! the teaching of ih-? reboots Mi*
greatest fault if his v ulgarily, to which u * have hel'ora
alluded, lie appeals to use coarse language by designs
and of choice, not fioni ignorance and necessity. In the
discourse which he delivered y?sterday, he said,'- 1 suppose
many men would seek God, if they Coald do it secretly?if
they could fuck their religion away in some
coiner ol the heart, and never show it." Again, lit
said, in the- satnn connection. " Meie you are trucking
about after religion," lie Speaking of what he called
"proud, fashionable, aristocratic, stlf sufficient, worldlyminded
christians," he sai' ' their society is not the climate
for true christians?nire r.oph'S don't grow- at the
North Pole." Of backsliders, hi sai l, "Tin y must turn
| light square ohout, and take the kark frarV, or they'll
never b.-si d." In another part of his discourse he
s<id, "the prodigal did'ut \s ait to get a new suit of
clothes, and tlttk up a little before he went to his laths
r."
Mr. Simpson's Expi.anatiov.?Mr. simpson, the
in na 'eri f the Park, has published the following
explanation
Qtf- Mr. Simrsov 1- gs leave respectfully to nlate ts
thu public that hit Utnvht did net tube place on Monday
night last, and that his objection t? take a Benefit ou
tlia* evening was stated to Md'lle Elssier, and she informed
that her appearance was nst to he ronside-ej as
on act of lavor, but of justice. Mod'ile Elbler'n services
that evening were givi n gratuitously, not as an obligation
to Mr. S., but one cf strict justice to remunerate
the m anageun nt. in some degree, lor the heavy losses it
hud sustained during her unfortunate engagement. To
prove this lsct, (includiug the receipts of last evening)
the Theatie has sustained a loss of above $2900, white
Mad'lle F.Usler has lee- ived i-W. a On one evening the
receipts of the house ware not cnougn to yny Maii'llo
Elssier and the extra Corps dc Ballet?yet Mad'lle Elssier
received her {-600 as usual. Mr. 3 regrets the necessity
of entering 'nto this statement, but he has been
compelled to the only course left him
This is nil that can be desired by'way of explanation?aud
we may add, that we are truly sorry for
the losses ol Mr. Simpson. The facts stated disclose
a most singular state of things in the theatrical
world, tlie philosophy of which we shall treat upon
hereafter.
.
Park Tmevtiik.?The new comedy of "What
will the World Say 1" is to be performed at 'h* Park
to-night, with all the elegance of appointments
which signalized " London Assurance." "VVc hope
the admirers of the legitimate drama will rally to
tli* support of the manage mt nt on the occasion.
Chatham Theatre.?The manager of this house
Still maintains his reputation for indefat?gabilify ?
lie is about producing iht Naiad Queen in great splendor,
for the entertainment of his numerous patrons.
We advise all the lovers of goon acting to go to-night
audwitne e Kirby's performance in this piece.?
This drama, togeiher with Brian Boroihme, Mr.
Scott rnscting th'- hero, forms the bill of amuaenicnt
for to-night, end we hope to pee the house
crowd' u, for Thome richly deserves the patronsge
of the public.
Who Kills Cock Robi.i1?Stocks fell yesterday
in Wall street. Judge Noah must double bis
charge
l?fop> T.\ Ao?r.fa iios.?The late itory of a leopard
u id a child, in the llewery Amphitheatre. It
was n penny-a line nfair altogether.
I?ir\RiL nn er rue Illpstkiovs ? H. B. M. ship
Illustrious, Cat t L hiiie, oailed yesterday for Bermuda.
?>>k in thc Racitsr Fcpokrirs.?J>>ha Johnaton,
of the firm ol Koto A Johnston, charged with the re
e. u I, forgeries on several of our hanks,in the risme of
Roorman, Johnston V Co , was arraigned for ea t
iiiinniiop, vesteni.-.y evening, at the Lower Folic.
Offira, hut rrfu-'ng 10 answer any question! put to
lum, wea remanded to pnaon. Kirk has ant been
> rr--ted, norhave we ?een nny reward offered for
( iiueh attest. ^
Or m, (r run I'ottstii i t R ei t aa.? t ?Tli
s I'rendem, Managers and Oilicus < f Its Pluladrl!
ph a, Reading anil P. tt vi le K i rosil i'i apinj,
pa?. rd over nut r< ad from Raad.ng to Po tin le on
*>a!u d*^ morning Ko uni.ng at ten mi >atei past
t - ",f'0,si P M , they start'a from Pattin e for
Fhiladt >ph.a and a-tivsd at Peter*' 1? aad Bridge,
'. t. i m.nutei hetnrr b o'cl >< k -total tiui-, including
topp* ie., 5 nours ami t) minutes ?total rvinn.ag
1 tuna, t hours nod id rainuUt.
????????????
R?w Orleans. i
tCoiTMimodeBCc of tite Hrrald. | I
New Ohi.eans, l>c. 24,1S11. j
A Y( i- and Curious Move on the />art of the .Vete Orleant
Banks?Great Trouble und Diffieultus E.r- f
peeled?Business?Amusements. a
James Gordo* Hemkett, Esq:? 1
Dear Sir? "
Since mine of the 7ih instant, stating that sonic of c
our banks had resumed, we have been in the great- '
est state of exciteme nt. *
All of the hanks, with one or two exceptions, are j
in a very critical situation, and each is afraid of the la
other, and hII are waiting with the greatest anxiety ^
to see what th<* Legislature will do in regard to a|
them Yesterday morning they commenced u new e>
game to get rid of the poorer bank bills?they will y<
not now receive nny notes on deposite, except their
own ; the consequence of which was, that in the e|
morning the merchant! all draw the ir checks as if
usual, to change their depositee from one bank to
the other, uud after drawing the money, which was
paid thetn in the poor bank hills, much to tlieir sur- U)
prise, on arriving at the other bank, they were told d<
that they did not receive any more deposites unless 'J1
in their own notes; and those who had not accounts w
with erery bank in the city, had to keep the money w
on hand, and so thousands of dollars were locked up #a
in safes last r.ight, and what they or the banks will
do this morning, no one can tell. The banks now are c<
divided against themselves, and the people against tb
the banks ; and unless something is done very soon, in
1 should not be surprised to see some of them Inule- ci
vtrtirtt. For my part, I think it will end in the ki
tl ir?-up of five of the weakest banks, and when ti
these are once out of the way, die rest will resume ; p<
at present it is impossible for them all to do it.
business never was known so dull at this time of fr
the year ; nothing doing in our great staple, Cotton: t'
since the arrival of the neweTbrought by the Acadia, pi
it has declintd about id per pound ; but buyers still di
keep back. Many of your speculators are here, and t*
will get bit this winter most awfully, nnd be apt to f?
return home to look after tlieir sll'airs there, (none of c<
which are in the best state), pretty early in the b;
spring. ... f*
Rut wiih all of this gloom hanging over our city, tr
it is as pay 11s usual The St. Louis Society Balls ?
opened las', night, with great brilliancy, for the sea- et
son- W
In theatricals we have London Assurance,brought ol
out in a very costly style at the .San Carlo, but it is d<
no! well attended. The Ravels are at the Ameri- at
can, doing a gTeat business. At the French, they c<
are doing up Opera to fair houses. Mirs Petrie is ti
guite a favorite here. Baron Hackett is m Mobile ;
but will return here next week nnil nlava .Sort en. cl
gaamient at the St. Charles. b<
D -ar Bennett, a lady at my elbow Fends liprre- vi
specta to you (beg<jing Mrs. It's pardon), and wants
to know it ia btlle Ehsltr will be here this winter or c<
not?do let us know. More anon et
Spy in Krw Orleans. N
11
New Orleans. H
ICorrfspondrnce of the Merstd.] PI
New Orleans, Dec. 23, IS 11. c<
The JLale Defalcations in the Commercial Bank?The
State of the City Banks?Cotton Market?Tobacco ?li
? The " Herald" in New Orleans?fashionable '
Flure Up?Sheriff's Sales, fyc.
Jamis Gordon Bennett, Esq. t
Dear Sir? ci
If there really exist, or ever was such an "age," ?r
as that of " rascality and humbuggcry," 1 verily
believe that we are now in the midst of it. Yes ! ''
enjoying its full beauties and benefits. cc
I suppose you have, ere this, heard of the defi- cc
cit in the cash accounts of the first and seeond **
tellers in the " Commercial Bank." The deficit m
though nominally small, goes far in proving the th
corruptness of the times. These two gentlemen f
defaulters were apprehended and held to bail in 'f
the sura of $10,000 each, to appear before his Ho- ad
aorihe Recorder, when lo, and behold! the hour gr
for their appearance arrives, but they hare gone?
they are not here. Viva la roguery et huinbug??ry.
Oar city is duller, at this time, than for many ye
years since, and we are anticipating from our Lc- th?
gm'stnre, orders for a general re?unij)?? 'n of all the lot
city banks. In such an event, you ruay look out !<"
for squalls and storms, and exclaim, with the poet, *ja
" Devil take the hindmost," if he dont finally get Ap
tbcm all. The rottouncs* of some of these banks JJj
is truly astounding, and the sooner they are put in
a state of liquidation the belter for the people.
Our cotton market Is as " flu' as a new born Ja|
babe," and has declined fully 4 cent, since the j,-J
last news per the " Acadia" from Liverpool To- \ti
bacco continues almost a mere diug, and no sales A)
of consequence have taken place, within my know- M<
ledge, for several days?it may be quoted, utmost Ju
limits, 3, 5, 7 cents, and dull sale. Ju
The Herald" appears to be all the " rage" here
now, and J will remark a fact to you, which hap- ju
pened to myself last Sunday. I went early to the ,
poet office, in the hope f getting the foreign news
at the earliest possible moment, which was then tn
hourly expected to arrive, and sure enough it had, in
as if by a miracle, come direct through and nn mil- C(1
take?and sueh a crowd?oh! rucli a crowding!?
AM appeared to be on tiptoe, and from the rulis of m
such toes, 1 pray thee, oh l.ord ! for ever hereafter tr
to deliver inc. 1 soon withdrew from the crowd, an
sad stepped into the immortal CurnV Here, too,
1 found a considerable tush, and having a natural
chare of that article commonly called curiosity, I J'
lommcnci il a I ashing too, when 1 soon found where a
lay the " Phllosopht r's Stoi c." " (rive rne the
Herld," say s one. " Give me a half dozen," says
another. " Foreign News," says another ; und in u
a moment the whole post olfice appeared to have cc
bean deserted, i made out to get on -, and immc- O
diately, with complacency, left the room, confident jt
that all which was wantia.^ Could be found in the
columns of the Herald. _
1 under build ihat a fashionable fi^ht, in high life, ill
is shortly to come oil ; and all about -wou d you [j,
believe it 1 a certainly lovely Creole Petticoat, ant
possessing more discretion than it should have ?
Our city labors under many moial disadvantages.? a>
Witness, for instance, those chamber* of destine- til
tion, "Masquerade Ralls," w here all sort* of Hell- ,
ish plot* are laid, and schemes adopted to entrap
the unsuspecting and confiding portion of mankind.
Uut it is to be hoped thai the d.iy is not far distant >c
when t ur State authorities w ill abolish these siuns
of iniguity and crime. d<
Casting my eye* over the morning papers, 1 conld a
scarcely help from dwelling on the uistab.lity of all ir
human affairs Men, who have been living for years n:
in the most princely grandeur, are I ke w ater doom- I
d to find their natural levcla. Sin riff's sales will, si
are long, be the order of the day ; and " Oh ! what ?
a falling oft'will there be here, mv countrymen."? n
And rnmor still hints fea.ful changes ; but a* our h
Unci* Toby wi uld say, so *av I? mutn?" He d
who diner * should pay the fiddler-" Thus the li
world wags?and so, adieu for the present. u
A U. M. 1
P 8. The B'trs of the capture of the Texian n
Santa Fc expedition has create.i much sorrow and ji
war,nth of feeling in this citv. One of the editors 1
of the " Picayune" lias 1 ft for Mexico, with the a
ins 1 think vain) hope of getting his partner, Kenall,
liberated ; but it is ton much to be feared that r
Kendall, with many of hs brave and enti rp'i.-ang
a; sociates, have long ere this paid the debt of na
lure.
I
Apatachlcolii, I
(('errrt|?ii(l?urc of the HeraJJ.) (
Apalachicola, Doc. 20th, 1841. <
Tf\t Ap ilaehicola Specific?The vanoutcalamitit* that '
have 11 *i4til Flotida riming tin lint ftm peart? Commercial
Matter.*, Bank*, Exchange*, \c,
Jamts Oor.non Bxxnett, Esq. : ?
Mi Dear 8ih :?
1 avail myself of a former acquaintance to request !
yon, through the columns of the Herald, to correct ,
an orror, in the matter of what it called the " Ma- I
oon Specific " It was tbis city led the way in 'hi
measure from which suchhinp rtant ennscq-ienees '
are expected to ensue The originator, or father of '
this remedy, is a Mr. McKay, oftfc, firm of Dodge
It McKay, of this place. It v.as first propoaed, i
about a year ago, and for sonie tunc eacited hut little
attention, but it i? now rdopted by all. Since
the first of Oetohrr, the mrrohant* generally have ]
adhered to th? ir resolutions, and the good effects of I
this adh> rence are already apparent.
Last summer, as you have learned, we* rcmarkaWj
unhealthy ; indeed, a scries of almost uipar alleled
misfortunes has tended to cripple this section
in its advances in civilization and weaith. First,
thryScminole war broke out,which made it extremely
hazardous to new settlers Then came the short
erop of 1S37, and the decline of prices in this staple
neat followed. During this interval, too, j on
rill recollect that the CntumereiMl Bank. loe?te<'
here,blew up, the President, a Mr Revenson, running
off to Texas with all the elf< cts, and loavisg
ab. ut SlOd.OttO of its bills in eirrulaMi-n, which ree
-Btwcrth one e*nt. Then a yn ? cam* and swept
iway nra.Iy ft 100,000 worth of properly,which v?;
"oliowed by a fire that destroyed a* much wore. A
f fortune had not yet done with the 'ferritin y, tb
ollowing season was an exceedingly disastrous om
nid the bills of two of our banks, eat of tbe thr. <
ell thirty per ceut. This was the Spring of 1K4*
nil in the suiuiuer o| that year, our only remaitiin
uoneyvd iustitutiou became embarrassed, and it
iotas, with those of the other two, fell to fifty cent
n the dollar, at which rate they now remain. Th
onsequance of the last of these misfortunes wastb
utroduction of shinplusters, and the almost mtir
jectment of specie, except for postage and tic
eminent dues. But fortune had not even tbe
one with ua. The succeeding crop, that ia th
ist, did not average one third the reasonable ex pec
itions of the planter, anil to cap the climax ii
larch ami April we bad a freshet that swept awa;
i incalculable- amount of properly But the grea
'il had yet to overtake us, in the shape, of th<
ellow and congestive fevers. The ravage* (
* not apeak in hyperbole) of these diseases, bavi
ten more extensive than those of any plague o;
lidemic in the history of such visitations. Tahiti)
ie gross population of the Territory, we cannot
nee the hrst of June, have lost less than fifteen pel
:nt of the white adults. In this city, we lost ont
tird ol those who remained for the summer. At
Itinl (hp fa>va?r woo J -- -
numiu up dt h Hurricane wlnck
estroyed several thousand do.lurs worth of proper
I have not even yet enumerated all the causei
hich have tended to cripple the energies and
aste the resources of this unfortunate land. Thoumds
of dollars, aye millions 1 may say, have been
epended in building ruilriads, which are eithei
ifinished, or carried on at a dead loss of fifty pet
:nt, (1 mean that the receipts do not pay one ha l
lecost of maintaining them in operation,) in buildg
cities, which are literally the abodes of the
;ane, wild ducks, deer and alligators ; and in rnaing
improvements (1) which will be, a generaon
befors they can be applied to any useful puriss.
To all the above, add the evils which sprin;
om bad legislation, supine administiations of jus
ce and political turbulence, und you have a fail
ieiure of Floridaas it is in 1841. Thus, you see
tiring five years, we have had one Indian war
vo short crops, two gales, two floods, four haul
ilures, one fire, and one deadly epidemio. Thi
^sequences of all of which have been aggravate!
y bad laws, and bad management. However, s<
r as human elforts can alleviate our many dis
esses, we shall now have relief. The right mm
:tuatcd by the right spirit, hnve put their should
rs to the wheel, and we are on the eva of a greu
(volution. The first movement was the passing
the resolutions enclosed. The second is a strong
.'termination only to do a cash business. Then
e many men here who would do honor to an)
>untry?intrepid, virtuous, intelligent, and cau
ous, with energy to develope every natural re
iurce?of artificial they have had enough. Thcs<
laractcrs are those by which the revolution wil
! effected, and throaghout the territory there ar<
try many of them.
i-urine present the business is backward, hut
imiuenciuo briskly. Tbe cotton has been delay
1 by the low state of the water in October auc
ovember. Thus Car we have only received abou'
>,000 bales, but the estimate for the season ii
M,000 bales. Sales have been limited at prices
trying from 74 to 8j. The finest qualities vnl)
imniaudiiir the latter price II the payments art
ade in Columbus funds, 5 per cent discount is ah
wed. The market is well stocked with merchan
ise of every description, and a fair bnsiuess is an
cipated. There are a good many vessels in port
are.thau 1 rememher to have seen anyone previous
me, waiting for cargo, but freights are very dull
he rates offered by the vessels are 5 8ths of t
mt io Now York, 6-8th of a penny to Liverpool
id lj cents to Havre, but no takers> Sight ex
la.ige is at 2 per cent premium, and GO days ai
ir for specie funds.
I observe that you quote exchange on Apalachr
ila at i>? or GO per cent discount. The merchant*
implain of this because tbe hills of Florida Hanki
e excluded Iroin the market, and arc not known
any common transaction. It would gratify
ost of our commercial men if you would eorrecl
is. It has given very general satisfaction that
hi exposed the Jacksonville Bank humbug?hut
ere are many who would he very glad to dispose
its notes at a greater rate of discount than that
Ivertiscd in the Sun, unless 1 have been very
eatly misinformed. A. B.
City Intelligence.
Vagravtb i.v New Yoke Citv. ?j'uring the punt
ar, there have been i.astf vagrants conimited to
.r~nio .itiary, from the lower police oliice as, roles:?
iuary, 116 July, 171
bruary, 97 August, 129
irch, 78 September, 108
iril, 119 October, 126
jt 114 novenntr, n?*
me, 251 D'-cernbcr, 133
And from the upper policy during (he &arr,? peid,
the following
ntiary, an August, 52
bruary, 44 September, 48
ireh. 39 October, At
nil, 42 November, 31
?y, 40 December, 2=
ne, 39
ly, 48 Total, 41J
There is something remarkable in the fact, that
iring the summer month of June, there should
ive been nearly twice the number of persons comitted,
as in any other month of the year, even durg
the inclement season. The ouly manner of acunting
lor this is the supposition, that during that
onth, subjects of prcstitution'mnst have been arstcd
in large numbers, thus to l:well the aggregate
nount.
Another Attempt to Mvhdir ?A man, name.d
>hn McMorin, wu- struck by Patrick Wood, with
.-hovel, on the 21 h ult., with a violent blowacroae
li ft side of lit*- head, the effects of which w ill, in
I probability, cause his death. The offence was
nnmitted in a room occupied by Wood, at 21 i
range street, and from the statement of McMorin,
was without any provocation on his part. Thi
jured man ha.- been lying at Bellvue Hospital fot
e last several days, during which time u num r
of pieces of his skull have been taken f rom the
ound. lie w.is considered near his end yesterdaj
"ternoon. Wood was arretted on Monday evening
irough the industrious etior's cf Mr Milliken.de
ii? coroner, aided by officers 'hmohl, of the uppv
jhee olfice. He wascommitic ei by Justice Taylo;
i await ilie result.
The Lvst Attemit to Dkstrov I.ira ?On Mon
ny evening, about 1J o'clock, as Mr Siphtn Ning
German, and cordwainer by trade, was walkiut
i Broome street, near Allen, he was stopped by t
un, w hose name haasince been found to be Angus
omens, also a German, who struck hun on th<
loulder with one of his lists, and immediately after
rards stabbed him in the left side, a lew niche
bove the heart, with some sharp instrument, timi
'II, and exclainn d he was stabbed. Hewaeimme
lately afterwards taken loan adjoining house, wher
ie still remains in a dangerous situation. The wouni
s about an inch in length and the same in depth ["he
parties are entire strangers to each other, ar.
io cause but a devilish drunken spirit could hav
irompted such an act. Comens immediately lied
mt was arrested by officer c-ehrnohl, and commute
it the upper police for examination.
An Old Bird.?We yesterday published the at
est and commitment of a man named JobnMorrm
ilias Murray, for stealing an overcoat from su en
ranee to a dwelling uptown, and yesterday M
Samuel Smith ot l<i-l West IH h street, appeared
he Upper Police Office and entered a charge e
Mirclary against him fur breaking open If,a hui*^
ui ihe 31m < f December. ar.d --;e , iu a nnapsfly "
:lothirg and other articles, vs/u? d aT39 pai
jf the boots stolen were found upon hif
\NoTnitH Case or I.*?AMxrv.?a. foung womn
flamed Surah Bushel, who had resided for 11 leant
nt time with ll-'nr)' F. Bliichwell, alllalleu'si'eve
wad vesterdav meeted on a charge of stealin *
loublccatp./, patent lever watch, valued at git*
T 0 ii hi r .111,(1 yrr. Mr. BDckwell said lie th ugf
(term nt! was not in a proper state, asahe had Intel
vinced mark" of insanity. She wan cotnimtte
or trial.
SrEAMivo Dar?MUi.?A colored woman, name
Elixa Garvey, was arTeafd ys'erdav for etealin
wo pieces ot chnllies from Win. Hamilton, '
lludson ?t. Committed.
The SarrTv Frnn Book Caak ?On a final ex.in
nation of William Campbell, who was charge
with pre^nting the hank book of John S Bran:
:o the ( hanthera street Saving Fund, on Monda
and demanding th. m?nev, it was aacertainrd th
lit* had received the book of Branna by mistak
from 1 h'1 b,ink, and that he h n the - i:ne amount
funds in the b ink n*' were credited ro Brann > 1
was, therefore, honorably discharged, nnd the blan
attaches to the ofticer ot the han't, who delivert
him the book Such carelessness is almost unp.i
dutiable, as it has made Campbell liable to urn -1
a fvion. snd imprisonment for twelve hours |
eh'tul I be l.beral y compensated bv the institutin
for the unnecessary trouble the officers have gut
hitn.
Death from Ou> Ads.?An inquest was h-ld 1
the Coroner, on Wednesday evening, at No. I
Ludlew s'reet, on the body of ?u Imlinn, nanp
Manuel Brown, 1 grd 90 years 'Die old man h
beriisick for several days, and has been tor a l<ng
< f time i 1 a v? rv reduced-I'Uiitica, both in heal
and num.,. II- wus.o-uu < n Monday morning <
n
j_ ? WB? . . . g
> the ti > >t pi hi* npiitmeut. in a M'tie of insensibility,
it iuil soon alter expired. Toe verdict was, "death
le from old agf and want."
B> Axctiier PavTAt. Act ? A nmn.or rather a brute
e? named William Johnson, struck Mrs. Cathariae ,
' Hurne, who re.-ides at No. 21 1 h. npson street, os A
S Monday evening, with a large hickory stick of '
* wood across the head, making a deep incision and
s a serious lacerated wound. Mia. Burns is far ude
vanced in pregnancy, and so serintsly injured us to
e be unable to attend at the Upper Police to make /
* complaint against the ruffian tie is lucked up to
'* answer the crime.
e Another Hali. Thik? A man named tiiidtavoa j
Reeve was arrested on Monday ? ?? ring by wateh?
man Joseph Khoads, tor offering sev-ral articles for
y sale at agrocery, undi r s-uspicious circumstances,
t it being nearly 12 o'clock at night. Upon arresting
e him, it was afterwards n-ccrtained iha'. in t(ie early
I part of the evening, he enieud the street door of
e Johu Whitney, ladies' shoemaker. No. 2s 1 Droadr
way, broke open a show case, and stole three ladiea'
r slippers, a boot, and a silver medal, that had oc-en *
presented to Mr. Whitney for Ins finished work, by
r 'he American Institute, in 1H37 Th" tnedai wua
. found in bis boot when he was arreted, and in one
, of his pockets an annual, culled " The tlein," with
, the name of "Mrs. Mary Tillman, presented by her '
brother," written on it He wus fully committed at
the upper police, belore Justice Taj lor.
1
I
General Session*. j
1 Before the Recorder, Judges Lynch and Noah, and
Aldermii limes and 1'tuipson.
J AM'AHv 4.?Attempted Jinrslnru.?A an an n unud
Michael O'Brien, wan tried lor a supposed attempt
to enter the dwelling of Wm Thompson,
of No. 3 Almny stieet, on the uighi ot 3d ult. He
was found in the rear of the dwelling, at ahout 12
o'clock, and when questioned, a a ed that be "had 4
called to get a bile The jury returned a verdict
, of not guilty ; and upon announcing the result of
*. ^rrdict, the Recorder informed him that he
was discharged, but still he must p. tu- mbcr that he
wm found in the yard under very suspicious eir
ums'ancei. Michael replied, " By George, your 1
> honor, vhat maybe ; but I'll never enter a yard
, agin, and shure." He left the Court, while the
- crowd was ctTivulsed with laughter.
Axsault and n.Uery.?Walter ilunt was tried f?i
1 committing an aggravated assault on lo-< ph R.
Bennett, a barber, se No. 213 tticecker street, ou
? the 2d of Sep'ember last, With a cane The par*
ties occupy the above tuned dwelling, Hunt up
I stairs, and Utnnett down, aud the difficulty arete
> from a dispute as to the right of passage-way
' through the front door. The ? vidence presented
s the fact that Hunt atruck Bennett, and Bennett to
' return struck at Hunt, hut di I not hit him j and
* Counsellor Dougherty occupied three hours of the
time of the court to try it. The jury began to
! yawn, the court to gape, the reporters to nod, and
1 the lookers on in the gallery snored aloud, which
- chiming in with the cross questioning oi the counsel,
in his dulcet notes, cieated a chorus imitating
t the music frota a frog pi nd in the spring of fix. year
The jury, being so bothered with a variety of
I sounds and a multiplicity of evidence, w.-re oosa1
pelletl to retire to a private room, and finally re>
turned a verdict of guilty against Hunt.
1 Tiinlfor Forgtry?James Henderson, formerly
r a copying clerk in the employ of John W. Mulligan,
Esq., a memherof the New York bar, was ar'
raigr.cd on a charge of forgery, in presenting a
check purporting to be signed by John Leveridge
to the Mechanics' and Traders' Bank, for on
the 11th of January. It was proved, on the par
> of the prosecution, that a check for $200, dated
- Jan. 13, 1841, was received by Mr. Mulligan from
i John Leveridge, and that Henderson was sent to
i the Mechanics' and Traders' Bank to obtain the
money which he delivered to Mr. .Mulligan That
I afterwards, Henderson presented another cheek
for $200, dated Sept. 11th, 1841, purporting to have
' been signed by John Leveridge, and upou the telt
ier doubting the check to be good. Henderson pre- 4K
i aentcd a letter, which he said he had reouivtd ^1
through the post-otticc, with the ebeck enclosed. jj
' This letter purported to have been sent by a friend, '
' who knew the necessities of Henderson, and thare'
fore presented him with the check fur his own
use. Tue letter contained no signature, and upon /
i applying to Mr. Leveridge, he pronounced the
1 chcnU a forgery. Oliver M. Lowndts, Esq., wu J
' called as a witness, and testified that the lorged
? v, ? ? n Vitwl IpiKsiI fi-nn, fhi. uCI11.ll nnr> ?iun?lt* M
by Mr. Lireri<if;t. It wu also shown by Mr f
Mulligan that thr hand-writing of the lcitr" ""
similar to that of Henderson's. , '
On the part of the defence, the prisy i-'
character was shown, and one witness tt. , ?
the writing of the letter was not simila,^^
derson's. The counsel subiui'ied the 6
jury without summi"* "Pi a"d lh?y returii"'
diet of Guilty, and recommended trtstw tfTiTniara*
of the Court.
For defence, Allan M. Snillen and J nues X.
Beers, Esqr* >
Trial for nbUiining Pork on false Prtknrer.?James '
Van V rake a wus triad f ir obtaining fifteen pounds
of pork fromthe grocery store of H Knebel, 300 |m A
street, on the 21 Dec. last, by a false token, in pre- '
> senting for payment twe broken bank .v>tes of the
' La Fayette Hank of Boston, nf the denomination of
#1 each, and issued in 1838, It was shown by tbe
{ presccution that an unknown man called at the
shop, bought the pork, and ordered it to be seal to
I the corner of Crosby and Elm streets, where i
would be paid for. A boy in ?be store took the
pork, and whea arriving at tie place mautoned,
he met Van Vnken, who gave him the h bore mentioned
notes, which proved to be baJ He Klused
to change the notes, or return the pork, mil pfeseating
no defeice to justify himself, the jiry returned
a verdict of Guilty
For /fieri ting Stolen Goods.?James P I'tineton
was tried fol receiving a pair of blanket and
some other auuaer articles, the property of Tho
mas S. Millar, ol\No 153 Chatham street. It was
proved that the Ifother oi 1'Uiugton, alio) almost
sixteen rears o!i, was eng ,g? d us a cleilt in the ..
i store of Mr. Mller, and that tbeie grxjds wore
taken by him to Olliogtous house, end upiti seaiching
it, were fouyd on the premises. The boy
1 stated that he had taken the articles purely to
i show them to hisbrolbcr's wife, in orde/toinduso
her to purchase liem. Several witness* testified ,
to the good charutUr of Ufiingtnn, ami tbe case
' having hern submfted by counsel, tbe jjry returned
a verdict of no/guilty.
In the following cases, the drfeuduts not ap-'
pcaring, the reeovu/ances were forfeited?
( rand lysrctnu.(I?Henry Lidding, ah ,rged with
stealing two ibecu of '"loiissrline de lame. from
' Louis Heiirne, No.|7 Ve?ty street, pa the 2Ud oi
t Oct. last
Stephen Gordon ard Alexander Steirart, implead ?
ed with Samuel Johiftoii for clouting Peter Miller,
f j of Harmony, YVarreitcounty, New J my, by culling
r him a brass watch, rmrc seating it to be gold, and
i running away with ? iU in money, on tl.- lWlhof
! June last.
The iri?.l rf Ocorte for libel, is = -t down
< by the District Attorjcy f<r Friday morning.
t
l S|htint ."rtnuni*.
- Before Judge Nosh, and Aldef?*0 Tinipson and
Linesa
Jah. 4 ?Michael iLan, boy, w??tried fi>r an ??I
sault and bat'erv on .{ on Merrick, ore of tho pro
printer* ol ih'- Atlas ?r d -out to the penitentiary
for 30 days. Ann Oid4i, for stealing some . taircar- "
1 peting aiidii'as* stalrirods, value at about ?10, tha
- propert v of Mr?. Farpy Kirk._ w?i reman .ted b?ek
^ to prison for *k) days. John Franklin, for stealing
e ?i\ turkeys from Strt?gh?i?, ncnttt
I. ttie penitentiary for ?A?"?' tha. Anthony Field, a
d colored man, wan '?r sterling a cloak wAth
#20 from Nathan ? Minted, but wa. acquitted'for
' want of uIHe*-* u'lnco. Wenjanain liolan and *
1 John Fri?*/>1,r0 hhiciboy*, for stealing two gtr.se
* from L>*s'trick Bobleni were sent to the p*nitentia|
__ f.riWdajg. Henrvdohnc-on, for stealing some
t 1 "inn? frnm Mesnrs. Flat Sl Co. of IturrniY Direct.
*f 'was ?ent up fur 30 day/ Thomas Miller, a ( lack
( boy,wu found guilty? stealings pair of boots from H
if Henry Beanicker, ail sent ?p far six montia.? ' H
r Benjamin Waterman, Wn old convict, was found H
g?iliy of aaaaafting a wtchmaa and attempting t? H
n rescue a prisoner front him, and sent up for tore* H
, months. Michael Rrgait for beating his wife Mary,
was remanded back to irison for 20 .. . Amelia y H
I'ho npann, a hlack (tirllfnr stealing ' .1 he , ."m? H
^ j Martin Qc.tgen, was ?<Jt to prraf.rVor 3t>ray?.?
John Willian s. for ?teieng two overcoat M e pro1
perty of Mra. M.?ry Af RofTe, was rent to the pe,
. nitentiary for six montM Henry Jackson and Tao"
; mas Williams, two bl.ik boys, for attempting te ^B
rob Hugh Chapman, wfe sent to the penitentiary _
l(' , for two months. II, ra f Jtnrs. for attempting to
steal from John Hush, ?rtit upforthro* months. ^B
Charles Moore, a c.t'nv, pair of
slippers from Megtrf (Jretoiy A CahtD, I
ij. remanded hack for alienee, as thcie rt dftother ^B
< Urge against Inn. .t '. 11n - .. fireman c at. ?
s, Mathews, a hlack r stealing three caps wor/
f, 4M. from Michael .Wienoy, Wf* nP f?r '
m months. Hugh Msif r, chsdM with be tin
e, wife, and Josephine finerv,?tid Jasacs Sterens
ol verally shaiged wittier"larcenies, wcrcthen H
le charged, n.i n t.,. jS|'Pl"*r,,'*?K?,Bst1,hc'ri| '
te ths Court adjourned #Friday next,at h iif t a.f#
;<i o'clock
t- Fore try ?Jo?? PhA'P'. for passioa a cr-n-l H
ft it note of <? Rated ol tf2. on the i'. n.iSfl
'f Hauk of Bsntelo, on tfr la> of November 1 is#
n |,n>lurl,? r>r a fur capfat the store ol J.hu ." Is ?
so UOVaabingtoa et, und aUo for .i"eB|.l
to oder a similar nottf" Charles Sturrke. ejri t
,v ?orncr of Waah.ngtonind Lai lisle streets.
?I j. H
*d ("otirt ('i\l?R<lnr- This Day. H
*h rnesT or Cevwo* rf **.-!*oa. 1M.M14. H
U M. ?? .10 40,41,49, 4. U
ripcuir f'oriT ??fM H| ?9y69,B
rn 17.M. 9/l_?;
P O S T S C ii 1 I' 'I'.
WaoUlngton.
[Correc ponjenco of the Ilerald.]
Washixotox, J i? 3.
Im Tariff?The Exchequer?The Whlgi
Md Mr. CUy?Piihlonkblc Gaiety.
The House his at last disposed of the question of
reference of that part of the President's message
which relates to the tariff Mr- Cost Johnson made
a sound and able argum-nt in support of the prrpo
sition to eeud thf subject to the Commirtee of
Ways and Means, hut it had been decided in caucus
that it should go to the Committee on Manufactures,
and such was its destination.
The next matter to be disposed of is the apportionment
under the new census This is a questiou
af fractions, principally, but it will necessarily involve
a protracted dia'ussinn. It ts indispensable
that this should be settled at an early day, in order
that the State Legislatures, now, or soon to be, in
cession, may be able to modify their laws relating to
die election of members of Congress
There have been no new developments respecting
the probable nc ion of either House on the administration
scheme of finance. The prevailing
onin on i3. that both the whigs and democrat* will
divide upon ir, an 1 its fate may be considered extremely
doubtful. If a majority of the whig party
permit Mr Clay to lead them oil" into opposition, indiaeriminate
or unreasonable, they are ruined beyond
the hop* of redemption. There will not be
whigsenough in ihe next Congress to forma " corporal's
guard." The democrats will sweep the
ountry at the eh ctions to take place next summer or
fall, more generally than in the late contest. e
shall see whether th ; wh'gs have the tact to avoid
the breakers upon which Mr. Clay seems determined
to drive them. A ,few days indicate
the shape which the political ele??ents, now in a
state of chaca, are to take.
The festive gaieties a * soluble for this season of
the year, and for which Washington has long been
famed, are about to ^ commenced. Mr. Bodisco,
the Russian Minis*'. K'*e8 a lar8e ball. nt his hospitable
mansion, in Georgetown, to-morrow night.
Your readers shut) have fa description, just as minute
as shall be respectful and agreeable to the Minister
and his charming lady. There is a strange affectation
of squeumishneas among a certain class of
would-bc-ladies of ihe ton,both here and elsewhere,
respecting published descriptions of piivate parties
and balls. Everything depends upon the spirit and
manner in which these descriptions are done. If
Chey are writt< n by a gentleman, in good taste, they
?an hardly be unpleasant to auy of the persons concerned.
There must be a certain delicacy of touch,
a nice discrimination in arranging the figures in the
picture, a careful suppression or concealment of
names, and a reference to peculirritiea in accomplishments,
manner or costume, which shall enuble
the reader, familiar with the society attempted to
be sketched, to recognize the individual. If all
these things are duly observed, a lively and faithful
representation of a public ball or private party, will
alvays be read with interest and pleasure; and the
(H*st sensitive and delicate lady cannot take exception
to a description of a waltz or gallopade in which
?I grace mm uc tuij rA<;ncu umvcoai dUHiirailOIl,
presided her name is not obtruded before the public
This is our view of the matter, and unles3 it
ahall be disagreeable to Mr. Ilodisco, we will endeavor
to give an illastrution in Friday's paper.
A new practice is about to be adopted in reference
tosocial vi.'iting at the White House. Since
the accession of President Tyler, the drawing-room
has been open every evening, for the reception of
4)1 .all the acquaintances of the family, and other perL
)pna having the entree to tae Executive mansion.?
imuse has thus been thronged with visitors
I y ni?ht. To eitertain thein all is a task of great
i. ir, and both the President and the ladies must
r-.veteiund i: - My irksome aud fatiguing.?
LjfiKf;^Hereafter, it is intended by the Presidrnt and his
mEf family to see their friends on two evening of each
week?Thursdays and Saturd ays. Thia will be an
m admirablearrangc.oeut in . vtv r,-.-p..ct. It will ref
here the family in i great degree, ana render the
h unvini delightful to nil.
TWIXTY-8KVKSTU CO.YCJRKSS
Second Session
Senate.
Mohdaf, JAM. 3, 1.H42.
THK BASKEDPT I.AW.
Mr. Wi*?hr presented a petition signed by 10
??erchantfci>t the ri y of New York, praying the
suspension of the Bankrrpt I-aw for two months,
from Febilarv n-xf; and like petition from 10 inhabilantsAndoiietigned
by 60 laborers and mechanics
of Je Cuv or New York. He likewise presented
oil signed by between 70 and 80 of the principal
mirliau's oi Nev, York, sug-cating various
amendnf t* in the Bankrupt Law. He presented
another** tit ion signed by a hundred merchants of
Vew Ydt pray.iii; for the postponement of the ac|on
o'jpe Bankrupt Law tor two years. And a
?iitioTfrom the Chamber of Commerce, New
irk, ? 'be suhje t of the Bankrupt Law, which
v<ith it other petitions,was referred to the commute
0'(pie jndi iiry
Mr Brvrov ptes-nted a petition signed by L.D
V isol N* w Votk, praying for the repeal of the
Eikrfit T.aw.
i.-.lu. im.v a* '.re? nted 'v.-r il .1 i blip clinnn.
trVr^i Philadelphia, nod one against ihe conhr*/c?of
the tre\?y with ti- Seneca Indians
!q- Colhooi* presented several petitions a<piiust
t lRnkropl Law.
f vtfal oth?r ; e itions were presented l?y othT 8eioa,princip
illy'on th- subject of private claims,
ke was one uImi presented t>y Mr. WoonnRinor.,
i vagen interference in behalf of American cuius
transported to Van Dieinaa's Land by British
fc?th*ity.
Th* Vic* PnwiDttvor.
r Mr. Prktov Introduced a resolution instructing
I I .the Judi. iary Com. nitti e to enquire into the expef
?dienc| of further l>-en!arion ia case of the resignation
to>r removal, hy deith or otherwise, of the Vice
Prerideut and tne. President of the Senate, and to re?or
bv bill or otherwise. The resolution was
kgveeS to.
Mu.itarr Acadamt.
"he f?olo wing reoolution,introduced on Thursday,
by*r Graham, was take# up and agreed to:? I
pgolrsi), That itm Secrets,T 0f War he directed to inon
the Senate whai ii ibnjiium number of cadatl
ta le miliiary *rait?>?y at Wei, r?int, from each State
toj'erriiory of the Union, and thi District of Columbia,
>W regulation, if auy.ovuta in tw? War Department
telbctiug the appointment of cadets,so aa to apportion
til among tho several 9tato<; whither the whole
Mw o( apRoii.tmeut, has at any tim* eaceeded two
hiiri-d and fitly, Br. i if go, at what lime 01 times. And
wilier when a ?*c.a.-y has been oceanic,er] in the
til of cadate, from any <-au?r, a aucccaaor hat been
uihrmly amminto I in the a?r,e Congressional district
tr< which his predecessor had ^.,,u elected.
Mimhivmhv iv th* /?vv.
Ir. Harrow submitted n rreolu \-,n instructing
tl Natal Commiu e to enquire into the expediency
o emulating by law the appointment nt Mulshipr
i in the New, according to the repreacntaf/>a <>f
tl 3tfttcR The r volution was agreed to.
nit: private bills were passed through their sev
I stag* 9.
men Dtv'a Diuitf. o.v tii* Niw Fi'cslitv.
r. UcvTiKoroa resumed 'lr* debate on the Preb
Kin's ,i injel .1 u Board of ExchcqtMfi ami he
le to the close of the day's session, occupying
Its hours wnli h - remarks and he commenced hy
o rvmg, that if any excuses were required for the
o h> was about to take in the discussion, it was
f? i in the imp< rtance nod the magnitude of the
i -el proposed t i be referred. It was a subject
w ih .va? latum. !> courrt-cted at all points, with
th exch.?ng< a of the connfry, and it was a
w ee\ wninh took h dd of the labor and the in^
ry t.f tlia country, and it was common d
v i all th* busin?w operations of the people of the I
Viled 3'ate?; ai d. he might bnd that it referred to
ti |>t,wor* of the government and to its duties
Rig III - judgraeii. ji was nt
? ps?v?.? IIIU1MCHI M' HII
tMfrter >h of I .rrty. It was not his intention,
hi^ver, at thatetmcr of the proceeding**, to enter
the points to winch he had rrf-rred, nor ?ndefbt
!ar?e into eny of them?his ?ole purpose
'.h%*'e? tfla k ihe indulgence of the Senate, while
VeA- l/?a* brn fl. a* he could consistently with
lojpturc 01 the subject?expressed 'he views
. kiejrr'aned of ta pr,n<iplrs and the del; i *
k Af Ibiil which fu proposed lo refer to n eotn
I |mifl;und tie hsd twi Mone for MUeg that in>
R IdnjJce? tine was that in his wimble jalgnt-nt the
I Ipjjiles and the i robnble re?u|t of it tied IK bTrl
I IMff?od (if thoy had oat been raisundereteod)
J parte of ilia United Stairs, mor* especially
| commercial cities where this pri j i
' ^^Klwuli mm, Irtvor ; the other wai t!:a lie
this the appru.ina'e tin' to m*k? s ttve
w
was aiy Jcthem-tti< y
?
(o to the Co-nnnttee with th<* weight to whic'i tl.ej ll
we>a entitled. Whatever others might thiok, In '
rould not acree with his honorable friend t'roH P
Pennsylvania (Mr Buchanan,) and with h * friend P
from New York (Mr. Tallmadge,) that il i* v v
not an opportune lime to discus* thia bill ; In- t? I a
that he had a du'j to discharge ts that reepe tej.ve 1
nerubl -commonwealth which sent hint there, and *
his desire war, as he could not vote for this proposi- jj
Hon, that his State should knew his reasons
whv. For thisj reason, then, he asked the in- J?
dulgence ot the Senate for a short time. One '
of the early sets of the venerable patriot (Lien liar "
rison) who was raised to the high office of thePresi- d
dent of the United States, by the free suffrages el a 81
free people, was to affix his signature to a prociama- ''
tion, which convened Congress to deliberate m die "
great measures which called for the exercise of the 81
powers of legislation, and amongst them none were M
1 ' r ? i D
more prominent man ine nnauces, me currency, anu r
the exelirtnge* of the country. In pursuance ol that
proclamation Congress assembled in the month of ^
May last, but he who by way of eminence, .
and justly too, was called " the good President,"
was not here : the hand of Providence ^
had smitten him, and he was no longer in the
land of the living; his body was moalderng in c
yonder receptacle for the dead, and his spirit .
was gone to God. Put the wisdom ot our anceetors
had made provision for such an emergency, and
the distinguished individual who was elected to the
second office in the country by the suffrages of the ,
same free people, was found here exercising the of- "
fice of Pri sident cf the United Slates; and on the ''
assembling of Congress in May last, he called
their attention to the fsubject which now form- "
ed part of the features of this bill. Congress j*
then, as was '? duty, took up that subject and con- 1
eiJered i'. They framed a bill which they honed
and beloved would answer the purpose intended, ?
but it did not meet the views of the President, and '!
COp.*eq*?enily it did not become a law, They then Ji
piade anoher bill, but that also did not succeed fie *would
not go over the circumstancesconneced with v
those measures! he would simply observe that they ^
exercised their constitutional duty, and the Presi- "
dent exercised his l-enstitutional right, and they c
adjourned with an intimation that duriug the t!
interval?after time Itad been given for repose P
and reflection, some plan would be marked "
out which would not be obnoxious to cons itutional
scruples, and would be free from objections on r
account ot inexpediency, and w hile it was wise and 11
salutary, would at the same time restore to soundness
a disordered currency, bring back exchanges
to a uniferm level, and lift up and uphold the labor
and industry of the country. They went to their q
homes, fearing that no plat commensurate with t
such ideas could be devised, though they ardeutly
wished it might be so. They, however, hardly expected
that any such plan could be proposed which *
would be safe and salutary, and constitutional; but "
they hoped for the best, and he could sav tor one I
that he?and lie believed he could say for others that
they?had come here hoping and ardently wishing
that the disordered condition of the currency, the
wretched state of ihe exchanges, the depression of
the labor and industry of the country, which were
now paralyzed, might cease, and that they might all
unite 011 some measure which should he constitutional
in itself, and wiae and expedient. Such were the
sentiments with which they came there, and such
had be? n their feelings from that time to the present.
They came here, the plan which in the interim
had been matured was presented to them,
they had read it, they had caused it to be printed,
they had treated it with the respect to which a document
coining from such a source was entitled:
they had examined it with sincerity, they had had
it before them; or at least its outlines nearly a
month, and that was the plan which was accompanied
by a report drawn with consummate ability?
a report which was calculated to produce a deep and
lasting impression on the country?it was this report
and th:s bill which he proposed, with the leave
of the Senate, now to examine What did they
find 1 A depreciated paper medium in every portion
of the country They found their exchanges ruinous
to those who were in business, they found labor and
indu-try not meeting with an adequate reward, they
lound confidence in State securities lost, aud general
depression pervade every nart of the land; and under
such circumstances they had presented to the
country, as a relief for a portion o." those evils, this
bill, entitled, " A bill amendatory of the several acis
establishing the treasury department." This m*asare
was proposed for adoption to those who for
twelve years had been contending against executive
patronage, and against executive power, and executive
experiments?it was presented to those who
h?d felt thes<- things severely, who had severely felt
the pressure of former experiments: and it was presented
as a p itinera for ? disordered currency mid
exchanges (lis Iriena from (Mr. 13uchanun)
intimated the other day, that this system
was shadowed forth by a distinguished member who
spoke here in 1837; about that,he (Mr Huntington)
knew nothing personally, yet he begged to
remind that Honorable Senator that it was
shadowed forth long before that?it was the
plaa of a former chiet magistrate of this country,and
tiiiit At ti?e- timr ii mw ui'fl
lavor from any body. Now, he was oppos-d to any
such exreritnents astlii?, and he proposed to examine
it with reference to the relation it sustains to
the government, and to the exchange?, to the currency.
and to the revenues of the country, and he
intended to look ut its political asp-ct. Ai d, in the
first place, as resp-cts its govermental relation, in
his judgment, it is highly dangerous and unsafe:
and as regards its effects on tin currency and
finauc s, he feared it would be inefficacious;
but as to its political aspect, lie considered
that it would he destructive. Then as a
govermental tHair, in the. first place, this
bill proposes to create a Government Institution: and
with the feeniior from Pennsylvania he would s iv
that it proposes to establish a Gov rninentLUnk He
It n i.vir Kir imno if uro a nnf ? nnawlovo?1 " K ? ... ? f>- ? * ? ?
purposes; l?ut what weie its powers and itsfui ctions, h
its qualities, and its elements ! It was a batik of a
i?sue, nnd a bank of depositee, and a bank of ex- 11
change?; it did every inirtg that a bank did, except n
discounting promissory notes It received gold and v
silver on d'posite, to the amount of 15 millions, end 'j
it was to receive all the resources of the United j
State-ondeposite; that, is it was to take them into j,
their keeping, just as a bank would take them, tub- ?
j*ct to be disburs-'d according to the order of govern- i]
ment. It was also proposed to receive bank notes c
in the payment ofdebts, eo that as a bank of deposite, e
it took from individual", coin and bonk notes, and ~
fro'u the Collectors of the revenues of the country V
And what more did Banks dol It was also a bank \
of issues; it used paper money, which was called R
treasury notes, and certificate! of deposite?certili *
cates for which the faith of the government wa> v
pledged, which were intend -d to circulate. It was <1
also 10 be a bank of exchanges, and through itscen- '
tril board here, and its agencies elsewhere, to trade J
and tralli 'in bills of exchange, with the money of ?
the government, to any amount. He was nware v
that time and distance were prescribed, but the ,
amount was unlimited, and it received a premium u
on these operations. This, then, was the nature i f q
the institution, and this bill might have been t nti- ii
lM, ; I! '11 establish _ a Bink "f IvlchetJiKf. Hi Jj
knew the report said it was not a bank. |becausc J1
private capital was not einplsyed in it; but was it J
necessary to employ private funds to c< n titutc a j
b nk f It was equally a bank whether the c -
pitnl was public or private. Curing the list c
session, it was objected to the fiscal agent, that ?
it wou'd encourage kite flying, but this bill b
would give us much facility to kite Hying ? 0
Was not thiJ, t],? n a bank T But that was not all ; '
it iW.ih a government bank, and that to his mind t(
wis one ot its most objectionable features. In the n
first place its capital belonged to the goverrment, ,,
and it pledged ihe faith of the government for iti a
certificates of deposits; and was not that, then, a si
government institution 1 It also nuih r zes its t;
ag' nta to buy nnd sell b.lN of exchange, and wm w
not the government responsible for thrm I But far- *
tlier still, lit" revenues when collected were to go b
into this institution. Tins institution, then, was to t,
m be invested with authority over ttie revenues of ?
tlie country, and over the credit of the government, h
whoaaobject was profes-edly to give a good currea ?
cy, to r?iful\if exchange, and restore confidence to '<
the busines* of ;lie country ; and h would put the *'
question wheiher they were prepired under any "
circumstances u vest such a pow er in any agent ,,
wh oev-r But further, it was a govurnnient
bank, i"' wse its whole management was in n<
tne governni'-nt, tor th% appointing power was ii
in the President of the United Suites the c
power to appo nt the Bosrd w*,,ch had the regulu- ?
tion ol all the premiums on fxcliahg,. an(j on j;.p ?
s'les, nnd it was removable st hin pleasure or a: u
least part ot the Board?find th?retore if ?t,rre "
any sens- in term?, it was a union of the pur*,. Bntj P
the swmd, of which so much bad been said. o,,,t
r. , ???. ..... - r ... i- oT'Je"4 "
> lirr y-..|MV -11( 0 *H 1)
in ?i utio-i woti'd vat the ^ovi-rnnicnt with a power ?i
of patronage v* hich must necessarily be dan^' rou->, '
ind u nuill *:vi' a discretion on its di tributioif, of 1
its advantages, which would inevitably bebe-t v *d "
on the political friends of the government. Tli -e (V,
w> r- evils against which the President hinH"ll had ,,
guarded them in his early messages. I!ot further, p,
this was not on.y a Bank and a (?nvernnient B?uk, but
what was still more peculiar, it was a Bank tf
embarked in business without a dol'ar of real capi- ?'
ta!. D-posites were no part of the capital <f a h
Bank, and here there was no capiial but the reve.
nues of the country?and the revenues of the ',j
country when there were exicting liabilities <f c
SS'OO.CKX) alreadv, and when there would be a defi. n
cieucy of $11,(100,000 nt the end of the yeir, t
unless they made some provision in anticipation, '
A ("1 >v. rniiient Wank, then, with >ut capita ' lie t'
wondered what they would say if a State were to "
merrp; rate a Bank on th* principles of th.s li!l '
But this bank or institu'ien was regulable t tin- ^
pleasure of Congre ?. He would not then s' v to ,
comment en the ?fl*-ot o( sucn an iuet.tut > . v. ten
ilict tartened or UM COUO.ry, of V? -that' Vb"
i?* imiiiortiien.s with a.President who might be
tfkinti political power, to reluseto sanction it? re- '
"nl; but he would ca'l attention to anotbor '
oint. He agreed (hat it ought :ol>e repeals! le, I ut
rhat WHH that plan recommended for,as an ? > >< ntial ,
nd beneficial element 1 Tlie report s.iid it was to i
met public apprehension, and that n* soon n* th'*y i
ot it the people would accommodate iheni-t Ive.* 10 <
Ite policy of the Government. Wiijr, what did
tiey think of the llauk of the I'mted States ! One '
f its advantages was, that it was to be eh irtetd '
ar twenty years, that the people might nc 'om- (
lodate themselves to its policy ; but heie ,
fiteal agency was proposed, which to enable huincas
people to settle down calmly, was to lie re- i
*alable at nay time! But did they suppose (bat I
ie people of the United States were prepared to t
tile down square with such a law ! But this bill t
ras objectionable became it umulgutna'es all the '
ublic and private rtsources of the government; 1
esides it would be unable to accomplish the t
F-gulation of the currency with its limited ?
teans; nor could it "enable the government i
ebtors to pay the government duts," for the i
imitation in which the government dues wera I
a be paid, must have ?een obtained by its {
quivalent, or perhaps it might bejobjected that it 1
rested one currency for the people aud am titer lot |
lie government. And there were its piobuble hsets
on the revenue. The government would be
es|onsible for the mi.-talies of ageuis, the insolency
of its bill drawers, lor lose by embezzlement,
efdlcation, and forgeries, false coin and counterrit
paper; and did they suppose tVat in an
peration of eight or ten years, the amount would
e small ? And could they go to the people
nd tell them that tliey had given the power into
he hands of any agency whatever io subject the*in
nsuch responsibilities? It was evil in ustendeny
too in view of its political connexion, and would
nevitably lead to corruption; and as it stood, lie
bought it was a measure to which no American
ienatsr could give his assent, lor lie thought it inelved
power exceedingly dangerous?a power
vhich, if abused, would lend to break down the
ibertiee, and freedom, and independence of lite
ountry?he thought in the present stats oi the
imes, the revenue and the business, that it would
rove to be inefficient in ita operation, and with
heee views, he should give it his opposition.
Mr. Bates rose to address the Senate, but at the
equest of several Senators, he gave way for a
notion to adjourn.
House of IleprescntatlTes.
Monbat, Jaa. 3.
Mil. Russell, successor to Mr. Black, deceased, was
ualifted and took hit seat.
Ils.vcnth Day's Dkiiatk on the T?risr?Tuiimimi or
ths Protectionists.
Mr. W. Cost Johnson resumed the debate, and said he
vould vote for the reference i f this subject to the Committee
of Ways and Mean, because he considered thut
lie appropriate committee, whether the subject matter
o be referred, or the exigencies of the country, were
aken into consideration. He would not go into a genual
discussion of the various topics introduced into the
ebate while the question had been pending, hut bin ily
nbmit his reasons for the vote he wa* about to give. Had
ii- gained the floor some days since when he had made an
doit to Jo ?o, he would have occujUd Hi" sUtatloi of
he House but a few minuti-s, for ho saw then that false
isties were being made, having no relevancy to the
uestion before tliem. He would vote for the ri feretice
othe Committee on Ways and Means, for reasons which
lad been given by other gentlemen who had preceded
lim in thedebite, and if they had assigned some other
easoni which he intended to bring to their notice, he i
vould not have felt called upon to :?y a wm l.
le ascertained by the report of the Secretary of
he Treasury, that the deficiency in the revenue
vould reach iourteen millions of dollars, hut he verily
elieved that it would not only reach fourteen mil
ions hot twenty millions. Thin on the ground of
avenue alone?and I here was no member here, either 1
lomthn extp me Nortnorthe extreme South, who was
ipposed to a tariff lor revt a ie | he tariff would havcto be
aised so high as would give, incidentally, abundant pro
ection to manufactures. The genius ol our institutions
vas opposed to direct taxes or excises, and hence the i
tower delegated to the General Government to levy tax- '
is on imposts aid to borrow money in cas s of necessity,
hnd in every instance in which the Government has
men compelled to resort to excisrs, it has met with the
varmcst opposition, and in one case even to rebellion
[gainst its authority Looking at the genius of our iiuti- I
utions, and the tone and temper of our people,who uwro
lwayi opposed to direct taxation, there was little to ap- |
trehend that any etfort would be made to raise the means
>f defraying the expenses of the Oovi rnmeut iu that
node. The e v.igenciea of the Government would, in hi.;
'pinion, as he had before stated,compel them to inert ai-e
hetariif to such a height as would ntford ample protection,
incidentally, to their domestic manufacturs *. line
word to those who, iu the debate, hud referred to the Distribution
law of the last session as nu unwise and inconliderate
measure of legislation. It was never contemplated
by theframers of this Government that 'he proceeds
of the aalasot the public lands were to form a por.
ion of the p-rmanent revenue of the General Governneut.
This was first suggested by Alexander Hamil
on, when in his able repotl, he recommendedtb< findng
and assumption of the debts of the Stuti a by the Goleral
Oovernmenf.and propose,! to place the proceeds of
ho public lands in the national coif ,rs. Then if there
was any party if the present day, who wiah< d to make
heae proreeds u part ofthe tV.W-ral revenue, th>-y should
ollow out the proposition of Hamilton ri-lati ve to thi-3tat?
le'<Ui,and until tin y were prepared to de tb-*. '-n.-.!
olu-iii coining moreirom mem on the subject. Now,
'Specially in the embarrassed condition ot the States,
h y should huvo the use of all the funds w hich properly
Jelonred to th'-ra 11a would vote for the rrf nucsto
tie Ways aud Means, because, from that committee ismed
all tin various appropriation bills ?for the rmy,
he navy, for fortifications, tor civ;l an 1 diploma'ic c\rentes.
These appropriations would have to bo ir.ct
>y tho means ptovided by the revenue bill, and they
vould be graduated accordingly. If the reference vi a*
a ide to the Committee on Manufactures, that commit
eo would only take into consideration its peculiar inter>st,
and the bill th y would report m'ght not j roduce
avenue sufficient for the purposes of the govn umrnt,
>r they might deem it their policy to impose such oati s
is would proline entinly too much revenue. He
bought therefore, the Committee on Way a an! Mean*
ess the proper reference, as iu that body, u c lm. urp-nudiced,
philosophical, and und rataii ling view if the
vhole subject of revenue and expen- ituii-s would be
iad. He waa anxious that this subject should bo acted
m at an satly day. Ho was at fir-t disposed to give the
iriority in importance to the financial question, but this
le now thought was equally important, us by it they
could have to graduate all their appropriations. It But
ic.ient revenue were not provided, he would le very
uutious how he voted appropriations for the army, the
iavy, or lortifi- lions. i ner? was Baotherrea on why
ioshould rote forth* r f>r ncetothocommitteeonWays
nil MtWii. Though lu< wished to s. e Manufactures
iourith, he was not willing to make all tho oilier interstsnf
the country subservient to it. There was nuothr
interest entitled to still greater weight .on tint lloor
-the groat consuming interest, comprising four lifibs of
he population of this country. The great a {licul'ural
i.crust had claims of paramount impo- tance. ? as it their
vity to legislate for particular interests, rather than toe
eni ral goO'l of the whole community. By piecing tho
ul ject in charge of the C 'tntni'tec on Msiiufacturn.it
roulJ invite t<> a recurrence of ihe system which pio.
uccd the tarrifl'acts of 1*11. ln:4 and law, and, finally, I
lie compromise act ot 1 s:j-j The honorable mi mh> r i
rom Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,J w ho w as then Pr ?i- <
cut of tha United States, through his sect ea of the I
onntry embraced mort ol the m .uufarturing interest, ]
sas himself opposed to the high tarnll of Ills, and only
igne.i the bill because Coi.gross It.iJ p ss- d tt.an I h< wu's 1
nwilling to interrupt the comae of 1< gndation on a
uestion of mere expediency. (Some members < xp.e<s- i
ig .urpri?e at this r, m irk, he procee led.] He had ol en ] 1
rani the honorable member from Ma?tachnsottB make i 1
lis dnlaration, and frequently on that door. By legis- '
ting for the wants of tlin Tr?asury, and the gen. ral in |
rev? of the country, they would run agalr.st no p. cu ,
nr iu'uiest. By legislating for one in'.ci si they would . 1
xcite hostility in tho rvst. Uy takiag into yottrespo- ' ,
ul care,;for iu-tancc, the inter, st of comm-rce, they i
ould excite towards it the hostility ot the m inufactur I t
ig and agricultural interests, and so of enh.r ol" tlin ' i
tlicrs?tins war btwien tho extreme N u'h ar.d the I t
xtrome South was carried entirely too far?this w ar be
* ern the cotton gins of the South and cotton jiuoey s of ' .
so North?while th? y wero both snstniaed by thchr w | '
y shoulders ol the middle intereit. H was for eu-isiu |i
.g this Interest, which, by b ing sustained, w ould ho ;
bio to sustain the others, by widening the bn is ?f con > i
umption, and tho appropriate and ? mci.nt war ol *n>li
mg it was by COuntei railing duties. England, whir h ' i
ras the greatest manufacturing country in the arid. It
Imost totally excluded, by her piobibitit.g tariffs, the I
redacts of our groat agi icultural interest. The .m >unt
[ revenue she derived Horn imposts on foreign iui, orison*
was about twenty t wo million* of pounds sterling,
'hile her taritf for protection produced not more tt.un '
alfis million, showing that the duties for protection 1
ore nearly prohibitory. The duty oa wheat amount. I 1 ,
i a total prohibition, except when the country was in a ^
.,nt- mi mnaiiull unu r. im iiiuii. ne pn irlit time, ]
t>ovo all others, **> the best to ronnvract the prohibi?ry
policy of England, by countervailing duties ; nod if
le ai(i ieultural Intel est rf thie country was only tnii! ,
I ittelf, be would venture to st-ike anything but hii
trrnal welfare that tl.e pri mi. r of t?- nt Britain weuld, |
i the couraa oftwo yi at*, rccon.m uid the repeal of the
crn laws, or it he did not, his sucrers rs would ; be i
ruse no ministry could sustaia themselves against tho !
feets product d by retaliatory duties hy this country on
ritiih manufactures. Unless this Cungrin w?nll ' j
lopt a system of countervailing duties wbiuls would
-otcct aur grain gro" ing intuest.thi tobacco planter,
le bet f and pi k p od <c< tyi? w otild n- t e- vot for ; nv j
:venue billtliat might be -submitted to bint The in pu
i'Iou ofilr.-at Birain was about twenty-five millions,
id it wai et'.ima'od tli?* i trli oa aa average consumed
is hundred pounds of Seel aanualli , sou that tue corn
vs enhanced the valao trao p aru per pound T.iero
?s an awgnu ntation In price of the a. hole quantit- oau
lined of tw?nty millions pounds sterling. It w.s nlso
calated by one of the estimatei that the enhnnc-4
rice of the wheat eon >uased was enhanced hy the corn
iws to sixty tire millions of pounds sterling |x r oniium
hut another estimate made it ninety millions. Tak ng
laiast 1-siimVi of niaaty mlltiona, and tweriti millions ,
i the enhance! p-lfle ofbesl.it would amount to one 6
Uhdred and ten millions, w hile all the revenue, direct r
d indirect, only nmunnts to about fifty millions, th'a |
tr.ni trating tint they ten have to pay, on account of
ia coin laws,moie tlisii twice the amount of revenue t
illertf d to su. nort their i V| nsi- e system af govern f
enl. No wonder the people ol l.lglsnd wer- discon
nted and boidei iar on rehelli.in, while such i rui.di- 1
on of things was varra-ttedto exist. This Congress ha i J
is powrr to ri p"althi! corn laws mora d'actut.ly than
ie Ministry of KngUtid ihems- lwea. If the gr Ht e,<n
'unag iuteres's were true to themselves, thn ci r.i low s 2
ould no: atand eg unit our legislation, and the Ministry ,
ould camp -lied to go for trair rep? si within >i year,
beth*msolvcsorei.hrown. The ays am of couuteriitiii
( dulls? w a* no novol'y In our legieUMon. It w as li
" - ''} ' )I t . , - 1 g i , a , is mi l
n pursuance i>f th. t r> commendation.an<t u > n>cti*r w >
it passed than Or.-at Biitam gave nonei- that the ngidi ,
iv of ber commercial regulations aoull In- relaaed j
rhey now need onlv to act properly, an t (treat Britait
would have te yield her policy, or the MinUtry ;?t ere
i.ut in power would be hurled from their aeati. If tl> >
rought their policy to bear ou the mauuf ictnrii g iote.
-eat of Ore at Brit.in.it could not atand up ag?ins- it ?n.t I
)ur agricultural interest, if true to itself, woul4 < \.-ri t
ts potential influence in thia emergency. The ge.utla- t
nan from Massachusetts (Mr Winthrop) in hia remark* ^
i few days since. aaid that N w England was op|io?ed to
he tariir acta of 1810, 'ill, VJ8 and 'S3 Why, thin [
ihoulJthey force another protective tariir an New Ku ^
{land, to ho ag..in repudiated by her representatives ? I
Mr. WnTimor thought the gentleman from Marvland
was puthing the inference too tar. from the rerna ks he
iad mi.de. A member from South CeroliBa had rai l that
bese tarilli were patted ill complinnco with the intpot
unitieaofNew England, end he had remarked in reply,
hat they were corned in apposition to the votea of the
'erreaen'a'ivea of New England.
Mr. Johnson.?Well there was not much dillerence be 4(
ween opposing a measure and repudiating it He would
ay then to the agricultural intcreat, the rice growing
merest, the cotton planting intereit. the angar growing u
ider< at, the tobacco planting interval, the grain grow v
ng interest, the manufacturing intereit?to legislate for
hem all, to legislate for the interests of the nation lie I
tad seen Pittsburg, her iron hills and her banks of coal. v
tocircled in her curtain of cloud, which liung over her
n its tonthre grandeur ; ho had witnessed the lurid
lashes ol her furnaces, where it seemed as if Vulcan u
were forging armor for the gods, or thunderbolts lor r
love. Hit had iieeu the broad field* of !* nn?ylvanin I
rlothcd with their golden harvests, and studded with ui- | a
(antic barn* nnd granaries, and peopled with a hardy,in- q
elligent, and industrious yeomanry. Ho waa willing J(
hat these intercut* should be protected by countervoilng
lutlr* on the iron, the coal, and the manufactures of y
3reat Britain, who refused to receive their piodtice. He .
and ?een New Kngland?her Merrimac, llowing like "
Pactolui, tho falded river of the ancient* overgolden k
and* her manufactories, turning out their hrigh', and
jot grout, an I hi a itiful fabric*, rivalling in lenity the
garniture that *pi ing throw* over tho face of nature ; he II
liad set n her wnollen manufactories ; her cotton mjnu j"
Factories ; and her manufactorie* of wooden nutmeg*.
{Roar* of laughter.] Ha hail *ern there all, and none re- c
joiced at their flourishing condition more than he did ; p
and no course of policy wa? better calculated to continue
and increase that prosperity than by countervailing 11
dutie* uad thus insisting the prodncei* of rice, cotton
and brcadatutra to consume more of our domestic manu j
facture*. By giving higher value to thrie staples it i
would also increase the i.ilea of the p- blic land*, the pro 1
duct of which would go into the coder* of the Stales. (
and aid in relieving them from their present embarrass |
menu. Throw open the niurket* of Great llritain to '
the production of the middle and western State*, and
the balance of trade would soon b t in our favor, and
w ould enable ua to p j o(T some of our 9'ate and 001 po L
ration debt*. An effort had been made, which lie hoped '
would he a futilo one, of givin r thi* question a party t
n>p ct, uii.l he was lorry that it came fir-t from one of i
hi* own political party. The gentleman from the Pi't* |
hurg district [Mr. W. w. Irwin] he belie vud w as the first
who had endeavored to give it a party character, an 1 |
though he w?? willing that the gentleman should moke (
a* much political capital in his own district as he could
out of thu t|tie*tion, he objected to hit exporting it be 1
yond his nw n district He did not with to be compelled 1
to take hi* raw material or his m lunfucturud article, t
He was opposed altogether to making this i party ques. j
tion for the sake of the interest intended to he bem fitted i
by it. Suppose it was made a party question, and the .
party now the majority in that Congress, should be in 1
the minority the next, what could they expect hut that .
the law would be repealed. The tariff of ItGS railed
such a stoim throughout the cauntry that the builders 1
of it abandoned it and ran away for fear the ruins
would fall upon their head*. All would admit that the <
party now In the majority held their power t
bv ? vrry precarious tenure. There was a good deal ]
of controversy whether the whigs were beaten or not <
in the recent elections; for his part, he thought it belter H
to 1*1 hon e ;t, ami acknowledge that they were hi it.
WS produced this defeat wen another qui st on? ;
wh?/ier i' w?' Capt. Tyler. C 'pt. Clay? '
Mr Ci. rroi d -Or Gs?n- Ap >thy. (Mm k laughter.)
Mr Jonasois?Or Gen Ao-dliy, he could pot tiy. II
thou h it u t' peroral apathy: When he went hometo
Man land. h?-fo nMh.iwkigi rg sjirlt'ei? ?n t ns fligid
a* a barrel of lriz<-n hard cider. He tr ed hit best to
wannthem up, but Prometheus himarlf conld net havr |
vivilled the inert muss Krom the rivalry ofthe master
l.urits ofthe ) ar y, th? whigs had realized ellthedisus
ters of a Phar> all?. The rontests in their own rank5. 1
and the remit reminded hleiof n painting he had seen in (
his youth, whirh had ireprinted it?elf on his memory
with n vividi. ess which i r.e could not efface. Thcscene ]
was laid in Stain, in tlin era when the Moor and the
Spaniard cont< n led for niastnry. They met in a rugged
and narrow path, with the over hanging rocky cliif on
one hand. and n precipitous and unfathomable gulf on
t >e otln r Each distrusted the other, and would not give
the upper side in passing, for fear his adversary would elbow
him into 'he abyss. They closed and clenched,and
e ch in his efforts to destroy his adversary seemed fcirgit
. 1 of his own danger, until loth were about being
hurled over the precipice, one of them giaspedat the
bough of a tree growing out of the overhanging siiff" on
which was unripe fruit. The branch yielded, and was
connected only h> an attenu .t- d shred, ami thus with
flashing eyes, that seemed to glsre with satisfaction that
he had his enemy in the same desperate situation ?t
l.iav-ejf, and halfway precipitated over the yawning pre
cipiee, the painter left them?and there I leave them.
With our institutions, it is impolitic for any nun
to assume to himself power an-! position. Human
nature was only to he governed in two ways: persuasion
and the bayonet, and he who attempts to use
the latter, must be sure ho has the weapon, ami th? power
to use it with effect. No man in this government is |
an ii dispensable man. This ruuutry has never u itness-ajne-t!.e
lani": ~ of the r-'.-y ims at Plymouth, but 1
one indispensable man,and that was wnvnirrgien.
JTr. Jons C. funis obtaine 1 the floor, and said ho did
netjinti ml to debate thf? que sf ion. as it had heon already
ab'fNdantlv debated. He would therefore move the previoi
s questicn.
Mr. Clifford Slid, osthis was an important question,
he w oubl move a call of the House, which was according
ordered.
The doors were then closed, an 1 the roll of the members
called until 198 answered to iheir names. Killther
proceedings in the call were then dispensed w i'h, ami
the dooi s opened.
Mr. Williams,of Noith Carolina, asked aa a favor cf
the gentleman from New Voik to withdraw the prsv:or
s question lor a moment, to enable him to say but a
word in < *pl ination of bi t vote.
>ir. i i ahk, naving nccim,: 10 tne request.
Mr WiiLiAMiiaiJ this w..s nv rely a question of ro
ferenco, and In hi? opinion, the question of high or low
duties w a? not involved in it. It would be just os posy to
vote against a high duty, if it u. :ia reported from the
' ommittee on Manufactures, os if it w. i reported from
Committee af Ways ami Means. He would vote for the
reference to the Committee on Manutactiiri *, ns he
thought the subject matter more intimately connected
w I'll the duties of that committee.
The previous question w i<s then ordered??yes 101 ; 1
noes 9",
The question was then taken en Mr. Fillmosk'j resolution,
which, a? modified, was in thefollnwing words:
Iti solved. That so much of the President's Message as
relates to discriminating duties and domestic manufartun
a, he referred to theCominittre on Manufactures, and
it was agreed to.
Com Si rvkt.
The SrrsKrH submitted a communication from the Se
en-tary of the Treasury, transmitting the tejoitolK. 1
It Hasaler.Snperiutendentcf the Coast Survey. i
M . Adsm? said hlscolleagm* (Mr. Cuahing) had, when i
L. la,i . port on this ill) ' ' had In , n pr? seated, ex- I
pressed .hi intention af end, avoring to arrest the further ,
progress of this survey. H" heped this report would he
-fsuch a character as to chat ge that intention, lie
in ved that the usual number of additional copies lie
printed.
Mr. t'risiso sai l his c.nlleasue h'd hern entirely mistaken
iu attributing to him an intention ofarresting this
wark. His objvet was toehangnthe mode ofcomlucting
it, so ?i to stimulate?to accelerate its jirogri ss? that
iharc in'ght he some definite prospect of its completion,
and rot to retard it. Ho hoped the extra copies would
not Imj ordered until the report could be examined.
Mr. Catk J mason moved to adjourn.
Mr. Asimi sniil ho was going to say when be w s up
Oeforo, that the committer on t h<- most important subject '
sow before the coun'ry?be meant the currency?could |
lot meet, because the sut j ct had :.ot yet Li en r ferred .
Othcm. He hoped the House would spare th ' few mi
lutes necessary to dispose of the remaining su'Jects in J
h? President's mc?sr go to the appropriate committees.
The Spr.AKta said there was a motion for a 'j lun.ment
a ng t
Mr Cats Johssov sflid he would withdraw it far the j
"ffer< nces, hut not for the printing oft ho ext a copies.
So much thereof ss relates to the |1 in of Imancc, was I
i ferr, I to the select committee on that-ill j cl. (
The remaining suh.iei ts embraced in the President's
n were then re fern d to the appro; ri i'e commit- 1
:eee. s
The House then adjourned.
t
Treasury Notes. ,
TmiiL'iir I)i VASTMrtT, January, 1S4I.
Amount of Treasury Notes issued under the provi- 1
Mens of the acts of Congress of 1S37, IMA. 1839. and i
1944? $39.691.337 5.1 ,
Itedeom d amount, .... 43 mi 973 H8 '
Leaving nutitanJing, * $1.319943 95 I
Amount iaaiial un lor ?c' of
February I6'li, 1941, vi? : I
Prior to the 4th of March, <
1941. .... $??*90| 11
iinro the 4th o< March, 14441, ?6i4?7'.3^ 1
Making. $4 444 399 70
lotnrnp 1 iothe Treamry of
that amount, * 777.147 03 .
$6,531 fit* 93
.oaring tho aggregate o'lMtandingon tha
lit iailant, $9 910 793 10 >
W. FORWARD,
Stec'ry Troaiury. I
Raltlmorr.
ICorirapoodecca of the Herald 1
Baltimorr, Jan. 4, 18.12 - 9 A. M. '(|
lit Editor ? \
<>?r Sheriff has not yet gotten through with hf 1
lifficulty. Hp has repaired to Annapolis for the ^
rurpoee of obtaining an extension of the rim'* ?!- |.
owed hint to procirr bonds- Tim Courts rinnot r
ran*RCt bttsinese. They have met nn.i adjourned
ir-evnal mornings, intl wili continue to do so,
intil the difficulty is arranged. It ih thought that (
dr Ball will be unublc to obta n tha wnnttd sore- p
u s. In this ease ha will hp succeeded by Mr
Nicholas Tracy, who wen returned at the 'u elec- fj
ion, as having :h* nexthi^hr t numb r ol vo - a ,,
Tee er tl reo fiilur> 1 t tivk plat . ' , np 1
own. Fhev wcrcll.uini tcimnte, bat J-Jit ?t ihe 11
.in*, Ithink it iujwtiet?.ti4 to men'r , s 1 r
II h Excellency, Kran'-i* Thomas, was >e- r
naunurated < inventor ?>l the Siate ol Maryland ?
Ie delivered himself of an appropriate tiildf-s f"
he occasion .Nothing further cf lulereat war tram
cted in either of the houses
There id nothing particularly wonderful to nnt?
n our city to dsy. Flour continues ut last ?|t?otfi
ions. Wheat ih also at a stand, and price* ?r.
lonunal. Business is tolerably brn-k. Padrone
>rders are getting worse Tbe weather is for anc
leasitni The Independent IJIues have a granc
ia!I this evening I will he presmt, and give yoi
ouie account of it.
Yours, Twist
PhllndelpUla.
[Corr<fi> >uii<-uce ol die Herald J
Philadelphia, Jan. 4, 1HI1
The chief topics of conversation here to day are,
1 What will the Governor say I What will be the
esult of yesterday's I'nited States Hank meeting,
n the Resets of that institution I How much lowei
rill the repudiators' meeting carry State stocks V
'nese are all exciting topics, being eacli in some
ray or other conuected with some strong interest.
The message is so near here that I think it will kr
seless to speculate on ihat; and as 1 have not mucl
lith in the sonrce, so have I but little confidence ii
ny of the conclusions that may be arrived at in it
'lie administration of Pennsylvania has been i
' blow hot and cold" sort of affair for the past severs
ears. The chair of State has not once been fillet
y a really great man within twenty years, to inj
nowledge. There will probably be some eniptj
tords about the resumption, in the coming d?cu
nent.and no little bombatt on the subject ot "Smh
iitli," which is almost hourly violated, in hearing
f the Governor, to the laborer, that Mr. Biddle'i
irinciple, of " our first duty being to foreigners,'
nav be observed.
The result of yesterday's meeting, in the Bank
hough not in favor of the Bidrtle ticket for Directort
is believed will have rather a conservative in
Inence on the afi'dirs and management <1 the ine'i
ution. This, however, will alone be determine*
>y lime. The detailed report, which was subniiitei
ind adopted, will be published in book torui, am
vill be very voluminious at that, though I much re
;ret ta state now that I fear we shall not yet be abb
o reach the enormities there concealed, us tin
vltole has] been submitted to a committee for pruu
ng. 80 that the most that cau he looked or hoptt
or is fraud and corruption whitewashed.
The repudiation meeting, or some other influence
ia-', within as many days, carried State stocks dowi
?5 per share ; and if, in the same time to come, thej
io not experience as equally great a decline, yoi
nay set me down us no prophet. The great cerm-n
hat bound the community together was first disai
rated by the countenance thai was lent to ihetBdnks
a their violation ?f every moral obligation, by sus
tending the payment of their promises.
The transactions in stocks to-day were light, at 1
"urther tailing off in prices. All of them seem to In
a rapid chase to reach the bottom of the gamut.
Mr. Crttienden, the Attorney General of the Stat
>1 Kentucky, I believe, at any rate, the counsel to
bat State, is here, relative the adjustment of th
Levis frauds. That State, it is said, holds sum
$175,000 of the spurious issue.
The Bank of North America has passed its div
lend, in const qitenee its stock was offered at #2
ess than yesterday.
Philadelphia.
I Correspondence of the Herald. I
Philadelphia, Jan 8,1342.
JKA* DCWWETT?
1 have something more to tell you about the U. S
llauk. It is that an election was held to-day (V
iwenty Directors of that fallen monarch, who wil
perhaps, soon he able to tell its unfortunate subject
that all that is left of it is in the memory of the pet
pie, to whom they will have to look lor dividends t
consolation. They will then kuow that if they ha
noticed your warnings, so oft repeated, they woul
have escaped the ruin that has fallen upon them. Ri
I must now introduce these gentlemen nurses of th
rotten carcass. They are?
1 Jnmn Robrrtian, Gent. J1 Samuel R Wood. Morel
Jjobn Hrmjihflt, March. 1J John Struthcrs, Mason.
3 Oliver Fuller, " 13 Win. E. Warner.
4 Hubert 7'n/t 'v, '* 14 T. Tuslin, Sup. CoL R I
a l.iwience L> w.'t, Gent. Ift Francis Jordan. Mmch.
6 Calvin Blythe, Lawyer. Iti Win. Jordan, Grocer.
7 Peter Wager,Liquor Deal. 17 8. D Ingham,nl Ducks.
5 Davis 1) Stacy, Merch. ID Ellis Lewis,nl Lvromin
9 Henry Tolland, (lent. 19 Jona. Roberto,of Montg';
10 John R. Vogdes, Lawyer. 20 Win Ayrea, of Danphiii
It is said that ten of these are Democrats, and th
rest Vultures or Whigs. I have italicised the ol
members* names. Lippincott, Juudon <te Co. hav
now iiuililtlg io no u> >u quiet tne iuic uiUmui:
which may be done in the usual way, and then w
will hear these sing?
I'ai de l'argcnt, l'aide l'argcut.
Of Suits un.l Juries I'll have none.
I heard that the Mr. Warner is the same inrlivir
ual w ho is commonly known as " Pink Eye," nn
who was famous for his services in the " Ruck Sh<
War," ut Harrislntrg, in the winter of '38 and ':J
But I am not able to vouch for this. Calvin Rlyth
whs the late, and Jonathan Roberts is the prese*
Col < ctor ol the port. Of Wager and Badger littl
K.iifl lh? ir rn?in#*ftinn u-iih th.. ^oIhioIIm
Hank, and particularly with the Levis aflair, ;
conclusively what they would not object to if the
can have the management of the little that m.t
ct in * into the hands of the Board.
Many of your readers were not a little surprise
after nulling the report of the "repudiation meet
itiit," held in this city, which was published in you
r iper to-day It was in fact a miserable affair, no
more than thirty five votes were given upon Ihei
ree luiions, which, by the way, were hatched by i
p ttly of Tom l'aioe's followers, nv it whoop.-nly de
pounce the Ghristain religion, and others, who ar<
prec ly what the yforldcalis Atheists. Aprttt
kettleoffish, truly. The resolutions wer- da-cu. --i
at-a niecting previously held, and were justly repudi
ated ; but the person who offered them determinei
to have tlieiu parsed in some way, and hit upon th
plan < ! organ iz ng another meeting immediatel;
niter that adjourned, lie was so far successful as t<
cause u number of persons of different caste -, to voti
upon them, many of those thinking they were mere
y promoting a division in the detnocraiic ranks,
will not envy them their feelings or principles.
Albany.
|(,'or!T?|'OOdrncr ef the Herald. |
Ai.di.nv, January 2d , IHtft.
Fames Gordon Bennett, Esq.?
Dear Sir,?
This Godly city is rapidly filling up with Senate!j
Assembly men, lobby-members, and office-seekers
rhe latter bear to the offices about the proportion o
en to one, and the way they pall and haul on
mnotable Legislators, is a caution to ail " wonl<
>e," law-makers. For the office of Clerk to th'
-mate, there ure seven candidates, anion" when
lie mo?t prominent are Seger, formerly a Senato
ind Clerk of the Assembly; Ellwood, from Roches
er; Fandford, from New-York, who was defeate<
>y Bishop Hughes; and Gafl'ney, of Albany. Ui
he score of nervicts rendered, the latter is c learly en
itl'd to it, for lie has for years been one of th
iblest and most indefatigable of the Democrat!
irators; but the party does not always omside
hetnselves bound t? reward a faithful servant. ():
he contrary, it is frequently the case that a z -rIouictive
man, is thrust aside; and a feeble, irt< fficieit
tarty hack put in bis place. Thus, in the eecon<
Senatorial District,last fall,the two active candidal!
who had been always true and alwnj s I ho ing.wer
ejected, and an old drone, who never did any thin
or the party?who is too lazy to do more than fi
"aye,"and " no," wa? put in nomination and nm
is a Senator of this S'ate. without the trouble o
iskingforit. Mr Gurtney. therefore, sta . lea v> t
ioi,r chance Seger is in a more favorablepot.it on
ip is one of the* old-school?he wn? s-nu! in ill
talmy days of ihe " old regency," and ha tint parn
s about lo fie reinstated, it need not surpr re you '
*?p< r if C r- o! the Senate.
t;hatfiehj, George If Davis,and f.'harlri
Inmphreya, are the candidates for fSpenk< r-.lnp
:|iathi-ld is supposed to stand the b at chance, ns In
'oted for the extension of tlie charter T ihe .Vortli
tiver Bank,and will rrrrive the votes of r " . u;li
rn tier," because hn brother, A. G. Oha'tidd, i.,
mders'ood to h.ivr been converted to or by t .Y w
i oik and Frie Kailroad, and is to wl : in h
t in his report, and recommend its construe ion by
heState Dtvihissnold-fashioned Federals ,which
trengthens hitn with many of ihe I'*inoi r. ; he
las also a little influence with the Cro hoi
if Hank politicians, and may v< rv likely m \ the
ecret support of tne Albany cl 'j te. Il imp irev i?
lecrdedlv* the best man of the three; that i . tins
nore stability, more princip'e, and mor v
Inn both of th" other-, and f >r tint reas in I piorect
if p i.ircst.
Morris Fr, nldin, one of y<.ur is <' n
ess H;r!l with hia lady,and looks prim and m eg,
usual l/e says he congratulates h.u * t pi ]rl,i
the minority, ns he is not troubled bv th i Ifice
* uart Viiriaa hi-not art?*<d McMnrr y aed
mi h vi ,?erv ^ k, .i en! j if CoBgrius H > - u
Sn A Lr', of Kin<>
I taw Crotwell thi? mown.', " winding h1* way"
- among the* member*?whisperin" to ore, talknv ^
r confiden'al'y to another, and laying his imperial ^
c minium's < no i a tin <1 11 * i to be stale printer '
in pWe ' f Tliurl ?w We-d?not tic jure, bui dr ftcto,
' that is, Van Dyke is to be ,'ppoimed, but Croswel!
isto share th* henefi'"
The " old regency" will find, however, that it ia
I not altogether plain nailing There ia a strong
I Deling of jealousy and hostility growing up in the
I distant counties, and a determination on the part ot
i the y ounger members of the party to throw ufi that
incuSus, at all hazard. A d I now predict, that it
the regency cHrry this point, at thin session, nex'
tall will see an en'ire breaking up ot the present democratic
party, and a terrible and total annihilation
of the Conservative Buik Regency. J' lit/
just Hit Jiuul cot I urn will be .he motto of the " hone
and sinew," and Cod speed them, say I
' Video.
. Fh'.m Flohipa.? Wc have received later advicea
to-day. They contain a more detailed account
of the murder of Mr. Hartley's wife and child by
Indian*, a statement of which we published a few
day* ago. It appear* that Mr Hartley himself escaped,
being absent on a hunting expedition. Hi*
wife and child Domingo Acosta.and \Yru. Melpus,
were killed, and hi* ho.-ise and outbuildings burnt.
' The Indian* are atill believed to be north of the J
1 PicoUta road, a* no sign* have been discovered of I
their re-crossing. *
t W e learn by a gentleman direct from Tamps,that
I there were three hundred and twenty Indians at
that post, who have surrendered, and among theui |
1 one hundred warriors. Those captured by Captain
f Wade are not included.
' Monr. Maii. Kobbkrs?Further development*
have recently been made relative to Dr. Braddee'a
m ill robbing organization in Pa., which have resulted
in six additional urrevts. The Doctor is now
J in the Pennsylvan i Stute Prison.
i * .
' Navii. News.?The U. S. sh p* Potomac, Cupt.
Siortr; Marian, Commander Bel:; Concord, Com.
B lerinn: and Decator, Com. Og-Jen, were at Rio
| de Janeiro ou ih 21th of November last.
M'Lecd ?It in denied by the Cana?liau pa pern ^
I that thin p.-r*o:i ih con lined in prieon tor debt
I I
' Another Factory Burned?The Pocassett cot
ton factory, ui Fall River, wa? burned last .Saturday. I
Mortality in Bos ro.n.?There were thirty-four 1
j death* in Boeton last week. '
Female Foroer ?They have got hold cf a lady
in New Orleans, for forgery?four or five charges
I are made against her. She is the name who, about
a year since, forged the name of the ltev. J N.
, M illit, and lias ?ome half dozen aliases.
1 Singular Fiar.? Last Sunday evening, a fire war
" observed, apparently just kindling, ul the end ol De
Yen's whurt, in Charlestown, Mass about thirty feet
" in the air ! It was blazing, and sparks were tailing
fast from it. It was found to be in the rigging sf a
1 ballast sloop, lying outside of a ship. A large woodu
en block was nearly consumed. _j
c Cur in Two.?The town of Charlestown, Mass.,
r is to be divided, and one part added to West Game
bridge.
Impohtant Decision in the Court or Em* J
j. rohs.?In the Lispenard will case, involving nearly I
5 half a million of dollars, the Court have reversed the I
decision of the Chancellor, which was against the
validity of the will. Opinions were delivered by /
the President, Hnd Senators U. A. Livingston. Verplanck,
Dickinson, Nicholas, Scott, Hull, Hunter
and Root.
M. C. fuom Pennsylvania.?The Governor has
issued his pruclama1 ion, announcing the election to
- Congie-.s of the Hon. James M. Russell, in tha ?
>r Somerset district, Pa.
'* QQ- "Thompson's Bass Note Reporter" will bs
sued on Saturday morning?it having been unavoid>
ablv delayed. J. THOMPSON, 62 Wall St.
if "
j Q[y- Bowenr AMriiiTio t riu:.?A tremendous crowd
assembled again lust night to witness tho s; lendid and
d uneqnailed riding of that prince of equestrians, T. V.
,t Tinner, and the other performances of the lsrge company
engaged here. The ssme entertainments are rse
pea ted to night, concluding with the laughable afterpiece
of Dame Trot, which has been iffectlvely got ap
t here.
ClJ- Chatham Theatre.?J. R. Scott appears to night
I. n( O Donohue,in the gorgeous diainaof Binui U-iroihma,
and a belter representative o( that celebrated Irish Chieftain
could not tie found. The piece is revived with all
Unoriginal scenic effects and strength of caet. The grand
g equestrian spectacle of Mazeppa is repeated for the thild
f. time, in which the won Ivrful (light of the horse, to the
extreme height ofthetheatre, created wonder in the eye*
,, of every beholder. This drama, we unhesitatingly ?ar,
has never been better performed in thia country. We
'I understand th" manager intends to bring out, in a style
of much magnificence,the spectacle of the Nauid Queen,
for which purpose reilher pains nor e\|ienso will be
ip?irt (i in rrnarrn a* cift^n??, ne^pnilM rrmwry, <Hr<*?t6+
e and beautiful women can make it.
Boitois. 46th Dec., 1941.
Micssns IVsse & 9oi*.?Gentlemen I have only a mo,
ment to inlorm on that the Columbia steomer has altered
her day of sailing from the 4th to the 1st, us I advised
(1 you in my last letter,consequently it w ill be necessary
d for y on to embark the twelve cast h of Candy I ordered of
) you lor the Liverpool agent, immediately on receipt of
r this, uud lorw nrd theni by II li nden's Kxpress, in time to
|t pass the Custom House. At the same time consign me
two f-20 co" s for my own use, us the demind recently,
I, when we liuse experienced so many changes, bus e>''
c.eeded anything I nci kaew for so valuable a preparav
Hon. I have to inform you, that Lord Morpeth's servant
v called at my store, nnd purchased, I presume for hit masy
ter,several package*.
Yours, truly, C. D. Joiitssois.
I- (ft/- " Bunks break" and the people suffer; so they do,
r from wet feet and exposure. They take cold, have a
t cough, consumption lollows. and death ends the scene.
r Use Sherman'* Cough Lozenges and they w ill cure your
|( cold or cough in ?little time, and consumption in a few
weiks. They hove done it on others, and will do it
again. They are sold at the warehouse, 1 < 6 Nassau st, ^
nud by agents, 189 Bowery ; 77 K.ust Broadw ay ,nnJ Rush
^ ton and A spin wall's three stores.
'1 _ ?
| IHO.VKY MAItKKT,
e Tuesday, Jan. 4 ? OP. M.
y The transactions of the Stock Board to day presented
u the usual features,viz: that of a disposition to sell,and dacliningpile'S.
Delaware anJ llu lson fell 1 par cent;
j Indiana doll ir bonds }; Illinois 6 per cents {; Harlem J;
Long Island {; Bank of Commerce '4 par cent; Corporation
i's f per cent. Bills on Philadelphia 6, Mobil* 13;
New Orleans 0.
The Legislatures of this State and of Pennsylvania,
meet to-clny. anil both haes i nportaat duties before them,
in relation to liaui.ciHl matters. The first to preserve
the tot . ring credit of tint State, and rescue its fiscal con
cerns fi om the grasp of tho stockjobbers, and the other
' to retrace their steps sn l >1 fustible, to restore its tarnisUe.l
honor. That can 1-e done in the first instance
' only by in.tantly, compelling a resumption of specie paer
ment* by'.tin hank*. That m.-ai-ure will be au earnest
I to capitalists, tliut there is some disposition to pay.
t* Our Phiiadelj hin correspondent,this morning, iufortna
, us that at a meeting of the U. 8. Bank stockholders, a J#
r tailed statement of the famous suspend.-.! debt of $J9,000,0m),
of which,:, cording to the committee of Just year,
j "very little is mercantile paper," will i e made public. It
is due to the honor of the State of IVuasy Iran in that this
II should be done.
1 The report < !'the Treasurer of the State of Maryh J,
f for the js-ar i tiding 1st D-ct mher, 1K11, is before us. The
C receipts arid expenditures have been as follow
r Received in luil, i?sa.#70
Expended " H94.4W
Balance on h.<n-!. $di ?78
t Subject to an ad litionul charge of !M0,9U
J Deficit, SI 374
s The receiptsforth- coming ye.ir unJt-r existing lawa
u arc eitimat.-d at $3'iooo(?
The expenditures, 1,37# ft*
C. hearing to he raisi J, 1..'1ft 4*3
y i j ne Tre#?urfr recommi-n j? an imn?-:<?ioic ?. wmu
r dollar in the hundred, and earneaUy pr*?aea the uccr?.
f aity H'- r< mmk-a* follow* : ?
y La?? y< or, J.0 >9,000 w ould have aared the honor of tba
State and kept the treaanry aolaant through the year.?
Tu comply with herohl gallon* through the ymr 18?i,
tl.i" in . J* more than outdo tin- mm
, ; I, i?t year ahe waatrl rnldiion.il animal rrtunue, to
1 the amount of f80<y*? o; ly. Now her annual w ant* i ra
i nearer fTecuxtl.
' J The deep dingier* to eu?ur her impending inaoieiuay
, ?tire foul it.iin it will coat upon tin; t.Hlit no hright ami
1 rlnbl"nii?h' I r-ciitch. on of our ven.iable State. mint
i I make rvrry *on of M irt laud, who ha* a heait or ton.
-cienee. ha g lu? i ?d iu ebame ? .it bono anil u1 'oad?
hi . I'.v.iy w here?at long a* it abell eudarc.
Thr ronli of thi: tr- a-nry of 'ho Federal Roeeinmont,
n ii ! d n-i ii.cra.no of revriue* nee- ?*ary, h ?
0|o-iir>J C w hole pnoilloa of the tmi.t, on l a* wra* to
N- * a; ctel, th. manufacturer* aoiao the opjio'tuim jr,
in order, by clamour and murepreientu ion, to obtain a
bounty,in tba abapu ot a protective duty n ?a?h parti!
cnlai branch, at tin i kf? iiir of tin* | e.iple at large. The
Sacrrtary of t Tre??ury, iu hia annuai report, hat lent
Irimaelf tufa I ter tin* otj ct. and. w ith i luid Juregaidtotbi
a i\au?ir>< klatu ol pi: bin C; III or., h a adn (
cati 1 the policy ot U\iag the man* of the pao, 1 in thia
country for the t me At of the comparatively few mauufactiraiuit.
Ho < rn'euror* tc rho .v that whin, iu any
country, a duty la laid up in an article, tba burden fall#
u, hi th* 'orniflu pn uC'*r. Thi pneticel operation of
'u'y ' f 11- g! .:i ) '. . tr .
true Wlitithetrirf reacbi * the lours* j-oin*, Am*
riceri flour is admitted, but doth* dealer* here reduce
Ithur price* in propoitiou when the duty rUis1 On the
contrary, the demand cease* end the price of bread
rise* in England, until it is almost beyond the reach of
* the manufacturer*, who are deprivi 1 of their work and
wag *, becait-e thiir fabric* are driven from foreign
I market*, in cousequei.ee of the increased con of pro
luction. eaused by the protective system, which disable*
them from competing with the frte labor of other countiie*.
It i* an undoubted fact, that the imjiorts into this
country, in the yeaif 1436 ami 1989, were much larger
th?n they should have bee n. They were cau*ed. however,
entirely by the vicious paper and credit systim,
which i.iHatcd prices here, aud enabled deuleis
to make purohase* there, on easy terms, and which
they w ere ultiuint< ly uiiablo to meet. The iluitu I
sting currency is the real enemy of the manufaefactnrers
here, and against the opeiation of which, no
k'tti iff can ever prevail. Prices, in many article*, have
fluctuates), at time*, ICO per cent. What duty can protact
the home produce r against Mich a met < mi nt ? A
nrrai at wi 01 i;ie I. IK 111 It I' ho M,or l.. " I utiuu 01 the
F taritl", arises from ignorance a* to the re a 1 nature of the
trade betwfin different countries, particularly betwpen
lUrs country and Engl'iid. That country it looked up
to, by tho adrocatcs ef a I i<;h tariff here, as the paragon
of wise It gislation, in reaped to protection. Without
going into a retrospect of the coa lition of tho people in
both countries, and comparing the freedom and plenty
cnjiyed here, with the stan ation and slavery of the
protected" niunuluotiiring districts of England, we w ill
take the following tuhlo, compiled from official sources
I with great care, showing tin' uctu.l interchange of com
moditica between this country and that, for live years,
embracing the most important epi.chr ofthe cunvulsroi.
of the las! six years:?
Iimkii moss IsoLtn,
I rrtro/duty 1831. 1836. Ihj7. 1839 1810.
L Be h -. 40,160 US.130 ? 38,948 31.490
W Sp iter. ICt 41 sea 17,683 7.367 4 "<1
( h'urn 4lskills, . 831 4?5.843 350.5C3 518.889 10171(1
* J Tin pigs, 53,836 37.113 11c 90S 333 7.18 79 3 8
. I " |iUlll, ? 1 M.t.'OI 776 7(1 1 044,368 879,968
I Cop < r I'lgS, 4.1 30 314 3 .7 18< " 7i UmISS 69,1.73
I platta. IM.19I l ,0t 4 177 mo .1 j 116 861 416.666
9 M 1 997,840 8,917406 71,918 466 017 676 300
I f Sllvtr, 3.708,000 8 674 41 3-9 967,134 187,116
k / Slrvcea, 9 .000 71.,4s 43 I 0 111,130 41 COO
f f Silks, ? 3,795 001 1,474 907 3 3.4 899 1 343 8.8
' " 4 *I|J, ? 7?4 313 330 997 441 ,OrO 341454
i C,unlet ? 180 869 15,753 39.150 6 968
$ '.V crated, ? 6,663,566 8,667 udl 4.3363408 1 336.639
i.metis. ? 6.4 .6 < 99 3,8 6 570 3,569 155 J 193 001
Burlaps, ? 314 930 883 791 397 156 845 089
Sheetings, ? 851,031 194 553 313 485 153.833
Wool, ? 5a I'.l 81 067 III 417 18,376
Quicksilver. ? 18 381 18 4*0 844 674 64 315
a Other art. * 871 566 1.637 810 1.854 436 3,445,370 1,103,516
Total free. |6 60U.1SJ gl,3M,7l5 13,340,801 81,387 915 10,419 133
.id valorem
| t lolhs, 4 1 98 1 33 8.569 386 5.689.987 6 707 194 1 490 830
-Merino, ? 19 619 8 333 334.051 H8 78u
I Blankets, 9 3 701 1 177 700 834,177 1 346 578 399 4.48
Hosiery, 3.4,775 674 031 180.433 6 8 9 7 415 746
0 Oth. Stool, 191 63 667 I|9 BO.443 SUB 7.16 314.5m
Worateil. 6>5Bol lSBTi* 157 190 3 8 1S4 ?
Ureilcot'a. 5,531964 9 883 046 5 548.773 7,484498 3 107,835
While' 1 160 3 9 3,85.047 1.'03 483 1.97.1 916 767 87 o
Hosiery. 391777 634 913 5:7 689 301 393 361 334
Yarn, ,;66 533 53,161 376 9a8 76j 5->7 373,774
\49tli. cotton, ..53 161 796 401 573,813 631.41.5 350 179
Sewing aiik. 17,461 131 763 BI O u?0 196,470 80,705
Lace, 8(6 333 1,3411641 603.655 949 669 391 133
)m> <n u?, ?u 1UI ??i? o-i.-ev t.'Vtill 3USa42
' hemp, 88 892 66 132 57,033 13'.' 056 1*3 06J
I ?lr?? || ,u. 13*b 31 2-.>796 2155 0 471 775 li;jU
I Art 01 iron, 3,877.500 6, 367 ,43u 5,100.9.4 6,I2',170 2.41)31*
" CO;-per. 20 910 109,315 90 536 62 830 31 7"i5
! 14 brii?J, 345 613 436.673 339:75 233 280 135 63!
" I ID, 91)314 16 8 0 3>.177 47,940 21,742
I " wwlfr 13,370 63 554 43 337 59,5.58 33 164
" lead. 1.141 4 31" 6,694 1.057 901
1 " Wo. il, 19,15# 60 376 63 313 57,331 75,711
I" Kol lier. 130 676 374. SO 16i;o>6 337,610 109 5.1
" Jfold,&C. 99 IIOO 36! 6."9 3?l 4. 5 179 977 113,336
Watche*. 414,035 7 35.17* 6 9.117 373 0*3 190338
Glassware, 94,5)5 93.310 55.150 74 280 4 571
47hina, 76 964 9, JH i03,o76 133 369 77 005
Jtarth'uwrr, 1,34.5 300 3 4iu.no |,4ji 019 3.1 8 0!7 1.811.611 |
Warea.tiC. tOU.OWO 706 310 1*5,*8? 316 411 141 004
. Saddlery, 336 9*7 548 UK) 411.635 349 911 3o0.i43
Stale*. 30 19b 140 130 54,631 73,663 66 6-7
?Ul. an'*. 12*0 0 0 3.I9O310 1,134,, 31 3 196 400 5,6 U4I0
TI.a4.ra], 24,377 110 43 569,774 23 *94,49* 7 5,77i ,700 17,676,245
fteir*' 169,944 243 460 66 946 149 470 54 067
Ski sea. 4 10.6 168,63 37 137 161.9.7 5 ' 706
Brua carp. 193 614 .413 214 .167 637 31'.250 645 71-4
Itttrain " 199 i 9? 447 550 341 981 195,371 91.577
Floor dth?. 15 426 3- 171 37 340 50 130 19 566
Oil, * 1,843 7 233 4 34- 7 14S 1-.,.: ?
'"t. ban a*. 33) 415 1 635 319 405,662 19.4 655 2*2 119 1
I Wine, ]?1 000 263,340 167,120 71130 19 90j <
I i Spirits, 69 000 161 120 109,103 159 610 7 2-1
k Alc.fcc. 10'J.IO) 176 413 112.300 258 203 134,000 1
I l.iu'd Oil, 212 000 212 1*4 1.34 *>1 6 0 15* 169 766 |
I OlhiT " IBM 9 17 I 67.1 6.4 364 6 233 1
' Cheese, 3 347 4,93* 4 991 6 470 5 788
Gunpowder. 5 649 2 >> 11 11 615 5 .417 3 649
Brisllos, 362 7 b 794 15.922 6*.! 87 22 649
Ochre, 14,'33 14 9 >6 16 592 15 1 6 26 6 .1
White lead, 57 . 81 46 7 6 46 275 4.4.222 40.621
Twh?e, 101,370 1 3 576 1 06,000 1 2 ) 961 108 442
Na.ll, 51 4 8 103 679 65 267 140,349 62 237
Gha cable*, 114 878 132 3.16 109 *13 1** 433 64 613
Asch kill*. 75 204 1 41.278 91 16b ho 751 30 60.
Ca*liaR*, 142 378 66 300 78 . 80 6.5 500 93 467
Rauad iron, looul 22 872 21,279 29 322 46 uu7
Sheet " 9- 461 20.73* 3*2.1*2 372,?98 197.916
Pis ? 16.1631 269.618 411150 ?-*?.' - -Bar
* *?.... ?.r 4,4." 111 3,527 *16 3 3 2 671 ],703.990
Suel, 453 214 590 54) 743 297 49? 108 4.44 382
Hear. I 23 214 19 5i9 9 431 '2 <74 1*5*5
Salt, .47 6 669 5 0 9 38 9 611.818 611 3.9 7.19 471
Coal. 108,700 92 700 150 231 162 015 226 2 9
Fotale-t-*, 10600 22.769 11 6u0 51 134 9 526
Book I 130,000 70,540 155.000 25.,000 129,000
Wheat, ? 102 124 9*4 334 ? ?
Glass, 90 336 209 791 1 6 000 1'2 on) 67.000
Other ait. 333 ouo 2lo ooo .-6,000 3ii.ooo looooo
Tl.*.*cific, 5313106 9.7*0479 6 151 214 9 972.146 5 334 951
- nd. r.il. 31.377 110 41. 69 774 23 891,499 3i.77l.7UI 17 57 1,031
" ff?t, 16 600 140 25 361 715 12 210 201 21 2 7 *15 10670 903
Grand total 47 2<t 9 1* 945 56. 44,985.913 65 97 478 33,7*7,7 29
lu Am re*. 42 167 326 72 6 2.5 0 40.8i3.8-2 .9 319,422 2 21 ) 07*
In for. " 4,773 481 5 953,4.44 4 073 161 6 8*4 65 4.497 631
No. T?? arr. 9 5 931 929 678 l.UDt
Toun'ge. 344 ' 21 384 09*2 495,72-2 413 514 3-2 424
Kirnxit o> Kuarnin (.nop* to iikut Britain. (
V un, IB 116 ?VM 1-529 .7.9x3 R <? ,
Hid?a, raw. 34.>62 1190-9 44 WO 48x53
Wd. fly , &.C. 2*9 30 54 561 ST 9.11 1X217 93X77
? OPP-r, 35 340 M?J U 000 27 510 19 632
Old, 270 ? 1,015 4x7 >60.931 107 9-8
titer. ? 2 500 917 583 355 761 1,569 941
Cotrf, 2I7.6IJ 6.1195 1x0 521 117 6 ?
Tew. ? 19 424 119 913 177 436 7SJ.992
Camphor. ? ? .16 653 10 2 JO .a .643
Hllkt ? 3,367 29 x37 23 7x0 372 99V
Wh d.glcdt, 273 6 5 ? 17 1X4 19 132 37 6)5
LlUlU, 174 9-7 4 029 50 924 6 421 9 441 l
Clolho. 144 605 63.791 130.1 0 40 9U0 225 6 2 |
RUbkrIU, ? ? MN >6 9x9 17 024
Cot gf>' d?, 255 000 ? 303,1 0 593 539 112 050 ,
8e5*ing?llk, ? ? 221 766 31,133 19 013 J
Indigo, 117 077 6- 700 57,960 27 905 40 370
Wool, Vl',4x9 0 2 , 3 7 0 0-29 36 5 HI 25 234 I
Sag-r. ? 175 1 ,- 166 211' 1 1 327 ?
Cotton. 45 3-3 139 4'- 16.196 203 ?X9 91 0J<
Alli'r 617. 1 63*2 ooo 79- 119 1219 000 876 931 756.429
TLfor.eip. 3 003 70| 1X70 ('? 1-06 76. 4 I 02 75I >6 I 96 ? 2
lo Am. tea. 1 399 .46 .'.('41 2--6 4S0 1...2- Ixj 2 773 001 ,
la lor. " I6j4i:.> 13,., u 2,1.10-74 2771.579 9 361.-7- ,
f'lPORTI or UoMXtllC UoC04 |
Oil, 127 - 36 ? 15 0-26 1- 97 4 3-0 037 1
!,umber. lOrS: 37 2.0 4.451 6 064 30 464
Woo art. 26.-: 30.566 64 160 1 45 060 -4 007
Naval tlort*. 4VI 659 7-1294 7 -3 925 506 215 464 8 .4
Mhion X iura, OSx.C.l MS. #1 761.169 647 .96 1,117.314
Tellr.*, 132 036 90.655 ? ? 17 994 1
Butter, 9 OOo ? ? ? 13 674
Wh-4'., ? ? ? 11 073 6-5,60
Klour, 96 x 4 1,134 ? 1,3:6,600 3 567.343 1
Com, ? ? ? 467 59.91J
JX-t, 5 xxl 23 910 ? 1015 14 9*2
Apple*, 1 4 1 7 6 633 4.400 71 041 20 560
*40*. 2-7,599 219 4,9 319 9-5 42.10,4 2-4 160
Oc't.Ml, M, 107.4X4 44 910 -16 44 ' -7 II- 46 014 X79 48 945 7f3
Trboo, 2.937 090 4 60' 12 1,6 ,..-64 6.401 967 . 321 --.1
tinn . I 9l9 9 71 0 74 410 114 166 1 2 008 1
Fliveeo, 1-1 >f>3 244 976 50 ,23 1617x2 II 1, Xli,,i.
arl. I .-O 6 770 - 610 ? 73291 I
I,dim, ? 10 00 I 616 1 0 X16 7 90 1 90 - 967
O-her art. U" 6 5 9ul3 313 *15 167 630 ',30 . 00 ,
Tl.dom.r* 412 5 99 -74 156-61 6 7(, 911 37-f5l |. 7 1.6
laAra tt?.W lixi ..3 oli-xuB x J 43.1 1 1 378 4 j 9 .11 cIn
fur tea 12 0 2 44 i69w-;i 9931.126 19.S.61 5. 0 I 9x0 16Craad
ll ex 44 219.091 37 5 X . .,4 5-2 -;4 il 074 121 59 9-9 0 N
1*. T ? rid. 619 4u7 751 I 10)
T?nn*^',t 329,Ct6 3.?,i ., -60-'03 371 589 542.040
The*f ta'-l s ornhrae 'l?o ? <1 n ol'hank expoucion?
lssrt mid 18d'i By IX*mining t. w Miuufartitrel art!
ci? of nnjiort. C it ill hr 8?-d n t at tin Ma'.e of the rnrreiicy
Jo tiiio cai n'.ry ha 1 ?<-n thr ureal ?(irr. iUnt to import,
iv hie h h n hct-n, compar.itiv.'lr, tiry litu inilu
naoeil hy lh? Kite 01 ihx '0 id". In the article .,1 rottunv.
dy?d ami whre, 'he 1 n|?irtx noarlj i'oul.1' <! fror, i-n |0 |
1966,at d ieil .Tto J yr.'ii'i r extent in the y ear ISdT. ?n
the cum in*)' r- lured. They again incre.aed I
per cent, iia that )cnr t f expiation, ! %? In 18-10 (h.\
were one balfth amount ir.i|n il? d in IMS,not* ithatand
I ng that tbr dot) h.. I I > ? ? ! : I. I- Tin- iimn
1 I.vture hold* good in regard to every hi tide of Britiab
| manufacture, end g(>' * to ahotv that, in a lo.? and atnaily
afate ul ti u curi i Bim on tin.--* i t? , f'M i :<a j i o.iuci r* c n
not compel. >ucci a*fiilljr wi.h llii-iieine fabrlt , no mat
, l?t hot lo* iii.. m |it ii ijr lie. Al l, niirnver, that in
t'l'h y..'!? u.i Britain actnall) t ilr< of our nnprotact*
? 1 pr.i 'ict* u>i? *.,,, ? ?? i ol' hi ira Thi? dot * not,
he.rew. ?l,oa t,t? ?1 ,f? on tin export* iniiKhyta ?
i* ana*.ait*-t, ?.,.r tK.i h,>|ance i* diatn againtt, ;n
f fuvnr i (j . , , , , . 4 j;, j!yj) tl>*.* inrg iaiyo.'.?
were tie i ?ult ol Ilia ?- (- m tti 0^,n credit* then csiat
' ' ''iitb i dliir i.i . rie#t ,Car?. In I M,
b j s.n 'l, ':??ul* o! t.i.eK loin* which wm iiaaed
an] II get rated to an am-ant. ?nt o I.** have
*hc'*r... ri beyond our ability to p?y
The i? the crt-jrti ikn.i , ll.ictnation in the
Value. Th.? Ir -i rnular eauaet?,* the
Ki an tier A valuation. ait the other the grrat i ir.-uali
tie* ill the IDltl n cruy. t ich ca lit tut*. two thtrja
I of the export Tif e\i?)rt? ar.-valuvo at the pl?c.; <>(
exportation, an I '.hi lami UAttion of tha currency
r which reitca | ; ic ? ml idiic,.-* import*, gn u< a I'.etltloua
i'?ln? t- the ?*,i?'ta. which !? free)urntl) not rial
I lied Hence t'.i a, | i: ill i-apo t .?In cb g e l.. t >*a !h?
--eal Tbla i? paruculady the cat- w lib cntttn. In ihjo
thv value of that nr t ! - xp?:t. d 11 ?"r gland *i? ftd con,.
<gK> Thatwa* i >?*rcf gnat loasea, ?nd the amount re
alived in F.nali'Oii ? a* probably not maie than JSfl'-cOew. |
?the Wv 4 ari-. ny rc!?*ly f ern tba pep* r i.tf* o.i at home
Colto ? i? i n u-ticle that tr.uat ge nfoiead, but i* -rut on j
lion.r ti.?o*lti*. hi ;iour t*ii i? * I i'i CtJna ate
nioatiy a* nt Lre<or l?, at >,ni.t*d pi lei a, a? 1 *ilm. j
tferev ?h ! at-k inflttea : ? | cw<e an- roam I er I ") oud j
tViov. lim.tv, none is shipped, althui gli there may aetually
be a surplus heie. Heucethe great export in "
1S4<>, is U* 11 price* fell to their natural level.
These (acta, taken in connection, chow that the trade
between this country and " protect! d" England, ii de- a,
ciJedly in fas or of th> United State!,when the currency L
is sound, and only to the advantage of English mawifac 11
tuiers when a paper lullauon takes | la -e here, enabling "
them to send tin ir goods here, sell them at auction, con- w
vert the note* received therefor into cash, and carry it *'
home?the high prices of produce}preventing an invest- K
mentinthetn. ^
A mong tiose who clamor most for protection, are the
iron manufaeturera. The state of that trade, under the
pn'?t in low ouues, may i?u wen in the loinming Hate- |.,
merit ut tha Washington Iron Manufacturing Company
o( Tennessee, December 1, 1S11 :?
Total capital invested $72 123 "
Profit* for two and u hall year*, 3W.703
?showing a profit of -21 per cent per annum ! <
Sales at the Stock (exchange. j,
$2000 Treutiry Note*. P? 25 Mohawk b30 62 J*
iio.o Corp Loan, if*:? 97| |?^. HaileinU.IL lu
$1006 Illinois Uoii ?;>o 171 .60 do biO 10 1
>SOdO do 171 ISO do 9 ?
f.101 u iIj lej MO d> thw 9, In
12060 do tM 25 Ltug Llaod 62 c'
(3100 Indiana Bonds thw |9j 125 do 511 '
f 7000 do 20 so Mechanics' Ek 63 PJ
j-2000 do sthw 19, 12 Merchant*'Bb 90
$loo? do I9i 50 Dry Dock Bk 15 *'
plSOOtt do sthw 19r 15 Leather .Ylin. Bk 97 B
26 nil. Dtl a Hill his 92t 5 Bk of Com lull 66
25 do 96 25 A'.n Kxc. Bk tl?t '3
25 do thw 971 G Ohio Life (a Trust 614 _
26 do *7il 971 O
10 Kipi Ins. Co. 70
Second Hoard, 1
100 llartrm 9j 160 ilo *f fo
75 d'? 9 > 60 do 9,
50 do ? . C
Corn Trade. d<
quotation" of Canal Kinur run no higher than $6 13.1, ?r
and this price is ohtuiued with some difficulty. Smail Ji
sales have beeu made ut (ti The market ii remarkably ,a
dl,lL O
fori1 kii flnrkfM. ^
lhn.n,Dic. 19.?Hoops, per M, 34; hoard*, PortlanJ. "J
white pine, 44 a '34; other Eastern jkjits, 46 a 47; pitch \
pine lumber,'44 a 47; shingle*, 3 u4; hh<l. shook*. with o
Heading, 1 a l.J; beans, white, 10 a 14; beef, No. 1 anil 4, un
prime and mess, Tall; butter. Am. 40 a 45; candles,
mould, 14 a 15, sperm, 49 a 49; clu ?ie, Am. 14 a 19; codflah,
60 |b?. 4 4 a 3; flour, Phil, and Il.ilt.915; hams, Am.
8 1 a 11 4; lard, Am. 6 a 11; ouinna, ti a ti 4; pork, N. O
and Ku.iern, cargo and me**, 10 a 14; clear, 14 a 15, po B<
tatoes, bbl. 3 a 3 4; rice, 6 9 a 5 7. coap, yellow, 8 4 a 9;
tallow. Am 0 a 10; honey, gall. 3}{ molasses, keg of 61 JJ
gall.4Ja4}; sugar, assorted, 48 a 6 10, white, 7 j a ?.},
brown, 4j a 5J; yellow, 0 a 7; scgaia, $8 u $45. lirchange?London
111 a 14J prem; New Vork 4> a3do.; I'l
Boston 4 ?4j do,; New Orleans 4 a 4} do. Freighte?To <le
France 70 a 90 francs and to U. States 911 per box sugai; .
4 ra. per bag coll' e; $4 a 94; per hhd. molasses.
an
Mar'lfd.
At Bristol, Pa., bv the Rev Mr. Perkins, Jksse R. Feb tr
oc?"!?, to Miss E. C. STiT?.s,both ol Philadelphia.
' 1 141
Died. ,!i!
At Brooklyn, on the 4th instant, Peter Conover, in Fr
the 69th year of his age. ph
His friend* and acquaintances are respectfully invited -s'
to attend his funeral this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, from his ^
late residence 197 Fulton street, without further iuvita- ,,|J
tion. I
On the 4?h instant, Msnr, relict of the late David Tow- tit
ell, in the 49'.h year of her age. Mi
The friends of the family, andofhrr hrothers in law a V
William Gray, Jr. at.J Samtw lT. Williams, are request- to.'
ed ta attend her funeral, this morniag. at 8 o'clock, from j
463 Madison street. Her remains w ill be taken to lit mn I
stead, L.I.. for interment. " dei
O'i the 4th instant, of inflammation of the lungs. Se.y hJ<
huuh Lr.r.RAND, youngest ion of Seymour L. and Mary '{v.
J. Hunted, aged two years ami five month*. * j
Thu friends of the family are requested to attend his i
funeral from the residence of his father, corner of Myrtle 11 <
and Kent Av?nue, Walls bout, Brooklyn, to Morrow Me
(Wednesday) afternoon,at :t o'clock, without limber invitation.
, '
L.a
- - - bin
i'lisaeHirers Arrlve<i. Wi
Nsvv Oiitrn-Ship James Kdward?J Turner, J Lowry, Bo
A K Holmes. C
m?
Foreign Initiortastloiifl. er?
Mrssnea?Bark Dutchess? I300h?xes lemons 400 do oranges Ne
00 b ig* l.nseed 70 tons barilla *00 big* sumac 140 rk* raisins 5 p
i.-s Irinon juice dogr |* jaioe 'JO ha es rag# S Broom?350 pps Bo?
sine Barslay Ik Liviugatou. V
St Jean?llrig Henry Lee?9940 hides S bales deer skins 14 ||UC
to Indian IS b-rg* 3 bb!s ahell 1 ban spice I do g Id dust 50 I l.a ,|t?
urtle shell II Si D Cnth-al?715hides J 11 liow land k sou?6 per
da indigo Newhold k 4'iufl, j p.
? Tin
Domestic Importations. '<l.v
Nr.* Oni.katvs?Ship Jarms Kdward?60 bbls Newbold Si
['rnft?toeo Biiydam. Sair kco?30 sacks I bid lljws Si Uod- J?1'
I'rcy ?8S60 *>ck* 057 tilils J Koulk Sis >u?7T piga lead 5 botes C .
artlidgr?I I.hi UNS Howland?list | il's lead F I'hilippin? ,
10 bis I) Wtielel?5117 rheep ekins P S Veil Wyck Si co?805 l,'('
sides M Karl*?60 bales Buorman. Johnston It co?5S Davis Si n n
Fisher?100 hhds Boomisii. Johnston Sieo?28 tints bcl.crmermm
Ik March?4 bids 3 ska K Kir.-li r?85 I bis li iffni n Si B-d- '
l-y?SO 1 hompson Si Adinis?100 J Harper?3.0 keg.50 hds 570
'? O'ri'kaWS?Shin Hudson?I ht T J Huntington?4 Rob- . .
i-ieoo, Pratt Si Co- 10 bole Keeil Si brothers?7 l.tnls Moormen, D
lohn.s n Si co?1000 kegs Midget k ?'?ck?31 bbls 3ik'l hot J
Mscy Si ton?|l?k bag* I'll rmosj Si co?IOll bales lioodhne Si
c .?3 lihds K L Maitland-P3ubjls Stafford k. Haaliiits?47u du J"
Bibcock Si re-19 balsa J 11 Brown?8 pi* 8 l 16 i 3 i do Pick- J*'
f rsetl -Si co?30 ht'da 11 rainier Si Muri ay? 700 hn ea C M Rid- 1. ,
field?18*0 bags 316 b. Is 1oT baler 6 hbus aud 1 iham cable In
order.
N?:w Om.kaj?s?Ship Lewis Ca-s?1878 pigs lead N Mat- *"
Iht-ws?134 bbl< tJ llowlwud k co?150 k Irvin?80 Peabody. '
Kigge Si co?18 Small. Williams it co-5:i Babcrk Si co?810 r,
J S Biown?.# Stafford Si Hastings?E07 btla 400 hides 155 ska
N eks ITS bales to older. fj^
.MARITIME HERALD. ^
PORT OF KKW YOUR, .TAMAUY
* Jul
~ ~ P.I
It-It 7 85 I S400.T Rial. I 3> r
irit 4 85 I HIGH 8 49 j-. t
.spartnre of tn?* At to title g< ranrsn. ?"
rnow livi aroot. tkom ponois
Britannia Jan. 4 Keb. '
4'aied Keb. 4 Mar. 1 jj
A- > I a Mar. 4 April 8 "I
Paekststu Arrive. PackitttoDtpart. all,
LOSDOR t ONOOl*. , |Tp
Wellington,t'hadwick. Nov SO Mo-treat, (Jrlffieg, Jan to i?,r
LJuebic, Ht-bard, Dec. I O.MiatOr, MttOS, J,in 80 __
uimnroot.. i.ivpRroor,.
!t. America, Cole, Not. 19 Koacoe, Multlei-u, Jan 7
(too. Washington, Not.85 Stephen Whitney, Jan. 13 rp
NlTI-l HOIK. I
DuctieMe d'Orleaus, Nov. 30 Albany, Watson, Jan. 8 ti?i
Sully. Tliooipsoa. Pec. I
To lUnrsti'v* of Ycsmls, C
Coniirandert of vessels will ronfrr a far or by h tTini; a list
?f their cargoes, pameugers, aud a report of vessels lift at j'
il-e port whence they sailed, and the vessels ai>oken, rea !y ;
>? their srrival liere for 4'ominodore fliiinr, of our licet ^
M news schooners. Hs will board them immediately on
ihtir arrival.
uiftrcd. 44
B,8nij' A/flla, Kr-?nfi^, Richmond, A Foster & Bona.?Pari; he
In m "H llytr ClwtH* B It*-?* l>Hbk
vvakr. Una ivr*. Nennilr 8c I ecda; V.miSy, Sher* <*>d, L h?.V _F
ton. Puifthfciu StPimon.?Schr Honor, Itrcd, BosUn. m-*
ArPl?f<l. V
itri
While ? !?',> America, (of Hudson) frjm a whaling
vo> age, and 4 m!<) fm 9t lirklia, with S4** 0 lb * oil to b.tr* II
nard ' ?.ni* ?rr?.of Hudson. ~
Snip Lr* it Cast, Haw Icy, 11 d?** from Sew Otiraif, mdtf, Ho
t Sturt*i It 1 11 if min.
S ii? ll'id- ?n, 1'age, Miay* from New Orleans, tobacco. Sic
IiJMk)4S,ii, >
Hhi4? Jain*** K'ward. Howard 1"? day* from N*w Orlr<rw. 11
r*?ttou. Sic t? Joho O Ward, uTtii nit. iff boubl Headed Shut j
k - r ? 4 . 1
H ?rk Dutch***, Baatcr.?9 days froin Mciuinn.with fruit, to I .
S Broom. .. ' J1*
bark IItIsi. V> iliiain#, from 8i T hem**, w uli l b*p *|wci* ;i ! K'\
i| iai.ttty of? Id eop{?tr end bad to A Hubbard; 3ba ? specie J
i ilr ( onla, Vf 'la.l *lj hi n. Scnr ^ Iwi i arr "t A r?u? ?:t - ul, ! 4 '
in 1$ day* *m Baltimore, sad sailtd t9fh fc r the Spanish >1 in j eU
Ye*"? I* left a? St Th-in ?r not recolh cie !. .. ih n't U122J3. I ,l1?"
Inn 12 56. spokebri| France*, of and fin Wairen Jl!.6da>8, t r
Mat* iu
Br J 8,u pr. DeMitk*on, 10 ul>i Iroin St Domir.^o City, \ !
m?h u*i.y to J h S ttrivr*. ? I 4
B?u Betsey. Bnruh im. h days fro n \V I'.nutglon NV. naval |
tre*. t ? Dr P \ *i*i V Wh No r*?te, I at M 13 Ion Mil 1
f.? spoke km k tlr'en i?f nmtfrun l'Ki'ild|? ?% b r Hava n !
It i< Mary, I<? fli.i 16 da}* from M .Mirks, with cotk n, H 1
OfPf _ . , J
brig Henry l.e*,Ccnr. f- m S* Juan.: :u1 Silt < re?k, P.. c 3
hide*, nr. to H It D t.'ntheul. L*f t>ri;r tkituar*. Hr?-?vi?r. ? 1 1
?:?tf<>' \ ???rk?h'il b* *u ii* t*y the lion ?nor, tab * * ? *' ' '
rr .vri-d?-*'f ?', *n9 would fall S ???n. 1 ul?. *,m k : brig Ad- .J
11 iik*. Im !tio for >'Orleans ,
British brig Colcillih H' tlder#oii,'5 tl* * from T' rk? uIhv !
it', t ? Bar*lay bi l.iving^tnu Wd ?i t. 1 t ^ 3(?, I u T.? *'?J
i4 edoiiia, 3H day* lri.ni I'ortn Uico f r U'llmingto i,
B u W i?ro-uin. Hopkins. 19 day* frrn ToS ??*r?, w i h ' 00 J"
,11* ' ?vtwo''?*l to M-ycSi >chone. '? ' bf igs Tn* n-.a, Mu ny. 1 '
tor.NSr PcUrtbur^ L ?rli in, do do; Pearl, fordo; Stc... 11
Marftii' , do. "n
Brig Wm 'IktliT.llrtf. 15 days f? rn X *l.jchio< In c !!?> ?. {
t . Htury*#B. (;i? ,iri4?4'? Brig .VtaTJ* 1'iaaitl.f r NV'oik.sni i ! | 11
dj V twfo^S. u ! is.
" >? i, on 111 o rce I i v. ii, !?t coll- n. : | V
0 Flu ki-f M
fc.'i ?*tf fhw.T "C?. \,y, f, m .nit.
in N Pitt mm l. I"' ?< '-r l)n'(, n | r ii- rl(?. ? 37ltl ? i
U :) Ion 'I . V ;' ? ' ? it .i1 .? f,;. h. it. .
n. hrHarnl it IIiiiim. f, |{ rrr d? Grart. MR
iron, In on! r Ai
. i tr A Bl'wlcy 3 d?r? ' "* .1 1 .1 Ilia,, wnh ird-e, I" ,h<
orJpr. r?i
;*< ?;- Scoalor, llart barn, 3 ?? ?>? fi^ei Vir.mii.rynlcft, t?> 1,1
inWir. _ . irr
rpiow. i,r.
H,ik Kuni r, fr. m ?.*?tlrnbu'c tii.'i ii- ? t >c . >Tinv>. John 1,0
tin kUj.
Brm rot.from Hit?m j
AImi, ? t'irk r?inrr-ai M r lb f in. from C??ip?ic \r
B iic: ?ti.l Jt i ht*aml, ami n chip u I . ?wn. V
Jfy- H U . i ti.il> 1 i* 'ill below.
Urnrrol Hh-omi. 3'
lliKK Hie Tlic win !, ?? n III w !?} ? ." ? ff i'?i v \
?*' uy ihe < h ci w, at tii'> c-rt ??d ?iir|?>m-I * Hiwti if "i
v lib t ic lcit.'? t'. Si I. Oi her ?l? ii i? i .J I ub| the 8*ti
kirk A.ncr'fi, from Trapnni <l?r iS V -k. thai wiii nlmn i \
re ally. \Vr ire told that il I. u.m ivirjr in umiip t nI ol
ii? umth Kiroi* t?ii 1 i-on iht aimi nf . tm>.I i'i
1 .n( laic ol On u?rr.e? of 1'iW tinbud 1:01 I he brie of I! \|
* ?< !, I
W ici <1 in ?Phip < harrt'ir Trice ?t i luil'iton m I (
1 I. i U hi vi iih on I OP uyih iu Ut . ? If n 71 V\ I1 f wrnk'.f
* -rbr Ill, forriiiMt ?f|fl lii?rp?il ?I?'1 liM(t. ab >0'm.r'l with -j*
ft t lt if>r in'he mring; the w i.l llitt'y ?v ill Ih t co n.!
> lie i vi-ip.l; blow in* Ii iH ?l Ibe ii?i.et.o M n. I board I rr
I i ? c i .ff. lii, wag the <?i??k ol cclir bftry A W ?cd. fm
lei*" l 'I it f.'ll u In nil'l by iPf 'il Ifildi.J \*
ll'Tllll iTHl WgnpLMDI wlllrS ??ll<d from Si Jokn > B i 1
iii Ii .ill >r I'i i| Mali |uS> |Mi lint b 181.1. I I I Joliucnu h ?i't ,
'> 0 - if i' w.unl the 1.1??| hi.iug lotl kmc tinrt ff]
Pi 1 k I'KitRlli.vf I ialpoii. bclfirc rc*?i I* I ..vk tl I' . ,1
f ? I bf'W Lor.don .i?f!><>r whilr uu he." pwc 1.4c I m
W 1 in (1 n U I f. r U ?i ii.'. 1. m.inhcil bfiti/n I?.1 tc'..?.
I : I- 1 tio iu iii f *bb?l M \i.i L. v 'en. .?? wl . Hi: 1 1 K
d 'ire ? ct-d Ice k'/| *. J 'if, Itht 'ti-m (
| 1 ,
Mi awe ? r let i?>at < hnlntmi. (raChuliiMk Um 4T&
iruce m ike llh ulL
Natter to Mnrlnrrs.
(.'ollih toh'a Orrtr a. )
Pavannaii D-rrmh r'id, li<4l 4
The itCcr.l improvement mad- in H e Light* en Tyhan Mid
trim ir the n> vanity Ii.r the c< iiiiuu.ni>> of I lie It loating
ight.now moored ileal the nh.nl f-til-d Mar'i i'n lu 'uatry ?
li lt Kl'>a'.ing Light will coomqu-iilK be ti n ef i red li.itn It*
re?eut mooring! no Mi nda the 21?i il iy i f lr b n try Lett, lo
poeiticn u-artlic Ov etrr Br.l iu the ??? uiiian liver.nearly
lH>i.si!e I i Kurt I'nU.ki In determining ihil position, regard
I'I Ik had alike lo the lieuefit of ret-eli coning in Irnm ira.
id In th ( of .team packet* and other vruel* u.mg the iulatid
a\ ii_k11?11 for Charlreton aud lutrrme lute |xjri? When Hie
loat mt: Light thai I hare aaauiuid iu new fat inn, aa aforelid.
i oti'e * ill he given of itr he ring" from Hie t lyi.ti OB
'> he. Island Irom Ml.ton Head, and o. her proiniurn' point!.
J. HUNTKit, Collector.
Spoken.
Berry. Howe*, from New V'otk for Port au Prince, Drc Hit,
t IIMU
Kot, Il 'g'ra, from Havana for N York, Dec '3'> lat 35 41, Ion
30.
Pandor i. from I'roriiicetowii lor North Carolina, Dec 39, (jay
i ad NK 7o milef.
foreign Porta.
HaLhit. I)?e 19?Cld A'adia, (-) Liverpool; 77l. EotrriM,
lawlortl. N York.
SI TiioMam, Dec 17?Iu jiort. 8l ranger. Brrvonr, Irom Plulc
uptia io i .11 ucit day; Km ,t m IV York for Porto
ico, same day : Balkan, from Hampden, r> ig orders; S4?y. f.n
nsacola, dis; Riei.n fm Bostou lor Porto C a be I o. same day;
ridint. Itn Baltimore, unc repairii p ; Au tin, fro-n SI Doiugo,
unc dis; Hannah. f m Georg* town, S C unc dis, Matin,
i MaiUnique for Klizabeth City, N C, sam* ?l?y; , Bow.
y.fm Charleston, 8 C uucdit; Canova. fin Tnuid d.iudist?s,
ou 4u dtvi, leak?lost sail* sprung foremast, Ike.ike. < *
rirnt?l seven weather the wholi m aga; C nallenge, for
athagcua. to Mil 19th; Me amora, for Havana, IS h. 8a led,
illinockct. I'm St. Croix for Wilmington, r am* dav ; Clara
i'her, fm fct. Bart* for Newbern, s< in" day; Ion, fin Men*
>rt, K I name day ; Cn ted Males, (ruai Baliiinoic, lor ,
1) idil
Cape If avtif w, Dec 17?In jx?rt, Lochitl, for Boston, in 3 d?;
rall. o, for Philadtlphia.Soon.
fiiNruiuoi Dec 6?In port. ?lizi Burgess, for Boston, in 7
iy?.
St I ago, Dec 4? In port. Morn in 2: Star, fin Wilmington NC,
rCitnfoefoa, soon, tint itckroiiBovii
La Gi'avha. no date?lu port, Orion, fro.n Philadelphia, unc;
amccas, do, just arr; liausom, Bacon, for Potto Cabello. same
ty. .
Porto Cabello, no date?11 port, Ani*a,fm La Gn.iyr \ just
r; Albert, Sears,for New York; Sabioa, for New Orleans;
dm Dun lap, fm St Thomas, unc; Coin Warrington, La Guay
do. just arr.
Rio dt jawfiro, Not 34?In p'rt F orcur.e, fn? Boston,disc;
seeds, lor Philadelphia. idg; Horlensia. for oahimore. 38 th;
ugari fm Boston, for NOtr nuis, dwg; Ann Klix ?. u i Baltiore.
just arr;i Geo Gardner, for do. 38 h; Kacaltis, f r New
rleans in a few days; Genl Fiuckuey. f om Bahist tr Co?l of
fries; Mary, from Baltimore lor Moutev deo. discharging;
tlessa, Gallagher, from Baiu.t; Lxit, PcaboU),from Niork,
ic disg.
Oiltcd Stntci Ports.
F attport. D* c 27?Arr Ionia, Philadelphia; Esther Eliza,
versou, N York.
Maciiias Port, Dec 26?Arr FrankJiu, Spra^ue, NYork ?ii
>ston.
tiLori fttr.h. Dec 37?Arr Stephen C Phillips, (tiles: Banr,
Tarr,-nd Lexington. N York Bid 38th, Mary done, Li. 1 upre;
29th. Ml Vernon, half; Tani O'Shanter, Elitabetn City;
Is ii a Norfolk. Louisa, NlMWi
>! wui'EvroK r. Jau 3?Arr I'ajichits, Porto Rico; Ivat hoc,
liiadelyhi.t. hid Mirtha, for Baltimore; Alg i.q in, ihiialphia.
palkm Jan 1 ? Arr Suow, Buenos Ayrei; 3*1, N Carolina,
liladeLhia lor Htughuin
Bos Tort, .fan 3?Arr Palm. Philadelphia. jCId Common e, Prt
i rim-ri uru unvm, ^ irm, ?11ii pari 01 nerinwato cargo,
rr 2d, Baltimore. Baltimore; Suu, Honduras; Trazer, NorI'l.
Renown, Lt. cell, ,N Yoik?came cui ot .New H-rb'rjeaduy
afternoon A large Heel Tr im the Vineyard. Hyitinie,
|.as-ed<owu Sound on Knday; they in iy have gone into
oucratrr haibor. Arr let, Emma Uidora, Smyrna; Kale
lonipiou, Cape llaytieu; Alpira, Cieu'uegoe; Su fa. i h'Udrlill
Win >1 lingua,Ho; November. Belise Moiul; Port Hill,
cde: iekeburv; r lore. Baltimore. Arr Slat Volai.i, I hilw elia.
( Id Jan let, Victor, I'liiiaiitlpliia; Kidnuciid, Durethy,
nfolk,
Ni.w Bi nroRn. Jan 1?Act Cornelia. KickrUnn. New York;
miiiau, Aiaeu, do. Ait 3d, Elu:i Nicholl, fiom l'hdaue 1Iolmei
Hole. Dec 31?Arr Siilt.au. Bath f r Alrmndria;
ill Warren, Philad lor PoeUniouth; Bride. Pi vlucetuivu for
>rfidk Air and aid, Bethel,Curacoa for Beaten. In ;>oit 10
i, the ?bore.
laaruiiN Covr, Dec 31?Arr Tarquiu, k'Orleam for Boa
; Aunirn. I'hilao fur do.
loc k run i, Dec if? Arr Hudson, Tarr.NYutk.
'KoviuKNur. J?n 1? irr Eliza Hadd, Baltimore; In l?penice,
Poet boy, Van Burcii, lihede lalaud, ultd Julie 1. N York.
I Camilla. Mandmil. do, fluid r Bnrdt i, PhilnJelt hia. Arr
Die kin, Norfolk; Louiaa, Unlinnorr. Air 3lat, Empress,
fmrk<
mi ipki.phia, Jan 3?f'-ld Queen. (Br) Si John NB.
UiTitioHk Jan 2?Arr Isabella. I.ivirpool; Elil tbelh Hall,
o. Atlai'iir. Port Spain; Token, Boaton; John. La liuayra;
reliant, Tuika l-lnad; Delaware, do; C< res, Vrl tr, N v ork;
iria, llopkira. do: L L Sturges. Baker,do; t odorus, Wlleon,
SaritogH, Smith, Boston; Susau Baker. Hall, do; Bergen,
tourelte, do; Helm Frater, do; Antl, Salem; Ellen, New-y|a>rl;
Louiaa Ply mo til; Helen, Port-month. (Id Chaa
irgmau, Cedar Kej a; Emma, Cole, IS York. Sid Chickasaw,
-ton: Altnena. do.
Iitv Poijit, Va. Dec 38 ?Arr Council. Boston; Sfcth, B. hire.
W glam,froin New Yurk. Bel<w, Madison,Irom Lituol.
liriiMOKD, Dec 23?Sid Avon, for Nantucket; ami Superb,
w Yurk.
i'onr"0LK, Dec 38?A" ririades, Jamaica; Jol n Hancock,
it Hi; Marion, do; W W Wyer, St Martina.
fn.ni.M-.ioia, N<" Dec I??Arr Majejiic, Porto Rico; Eve.do;
Nus-n ii Sarab, Providence; i-i in,Uuadaloupe; Hamii,
Mcroix; Alias, Alvaro. hirm, Mary A Suaoo, Lodi.and
u, Boaton; Vesper, Sedgwick; (jeorgc. Kn gatou Ja; Maria
tell. Helen, Heuiietta, Henri- Chase, United State*. Argo,
ga, Heio, Poit Leon, a d Prion. .NYo.k; United Stale*, b
er, Ellen Perkins, Porto Rico; Uirard, do; Elir. iteth. (liiajupe;
H Weacutt. St Thomas; L 'deiria k Eliza, Phil.del<;
Peiu, Nissan. I'll S-liuia, (iu.olaloup ; Cordelia, do;
ilton, St Crnia; B> lie. Sterling. Repeater. ud Henry C'haae,
l'?r New York; Korrnter, St Dou.ingo; Miry Clark. New
i ana.
mill rsTu*. Dec 28? In the offing,Ennald, (B-.) LivaiI.
Cld Sulliv in, Bionu, NYork. bid-37th, Lucas, boston;
/.a Waiwick, Liveitol; Lady Seatun, Loudon Intheul
, Cliriatophe Colotnb, (Ei) Havre; Jatnea Ptikina, LiverliaiKN,
iJec 26?Air Peter Deiniil,L?wia, NewTork; dtth,
ia-|al. Reed, il l.
itinnAii. uec 3b?' u An^uita. Shcrwot d. >York. Arr
rliui! Wijtiuut; Kraucca Ann, Bunion, H Hrnh), ^tSr) do;
yal Willi am. d ; Ltnnder. Liverpool; l'riucwi, St J i u IS
A u.i lie, Mart iui(| tie, M A mm, Bulkli y, NYoik, S it ann ill,
iplrr,d ; Wilton Kulli r. Cobb, do; ' unpinn, swA?*y, do;
umbia, Corbet), do; Lirth, Cberryfit'd Me; Punlom, Proeoce;
Hoini l in. Boelou; n?n-t, Poilto otnh; I) B Keslrr,
oniaston; St Helena, Button; luo. do? ij ti, at .r.i 13. ton 74
npnke In nr Sarbh, Fully, I m N t oik.w Utie lie uud nut known
ante day. npoki anblir, name unknown, fm Matanr ? foe N
itu Ma "lienm, Smm, LivarpooL Arr Mth, M't.ki,
.tporl; Watliirgton, I li innioi; llavrrzUmtnii; I.eonuaj,
vuiii. Below. Swan, I*. rtl.tnd. C'ld Chen kie. Live, f ml.?
r 29th, ! Itu lot, U"?tou. Went lo lea, Elizabeth Bruce,
eri ool.
It a t ci'iTinr, PecM?Arr Red J irkrt, N'York
irauchii oi a. Ore 11?Arr / Hiin; r.??, NYoik; i! rnr
Kill^lloii la, Rital. Hilton; 13 li, Al baina, Nrw", ort;
!,.< HltckeOtll CM Republic, AOrl uln; 17ui, M?:y
ti:cl,Given, N York.
or r Li: cu. Ure Id-Arr Stafford Brrwar, New Yotk. (Id
h. Uiebiu, NOrleani In p*m?Knuiebrc, III.low. V irgiuia,
.roiicii, Cyrva, Burquehaiinah, N 4} bourne, Emetine. MotHi
r er, Ere nin,niM"?. M Hamm. til. Hudaon,J llan
i<u lington. P. (inline, Huron, Orange B. aurh.
loan.K, Dec 33?Cld Tarq iin, Liverpool: Hector, Sieuerr,
'oik Arr enraiiuah C innniiiig, Salter, do; Joti li Brown,
tana.
ii;? Ohli am, "re 83?I'M HunUvllr. F.ldrn'ge NYork .
a Carroll, Bouton; Livonia, do; Intrepid, St Thonma ? d
ikt Arr Aln Ti u?a n, t Fr) Havre; Cuveuautr r. (Hi) Liv ail;
Energy, Apaluchicola; Eioil) ,('aru,<arii> ; Hto.Newt
itl
PORTUGUESE FEMALE PILLS
HF.SK far-fnmed not c- I'bratrd pilla. Imm 1'oringal, are
?r iierceive, to be obtained in thu eoiu try bn adveron-in
m> the laet minim of fourth pag.'. t1.? tri it
Al'I ION?Counterfeit Salamander Safer are i market.
l ilt Subscriber ia the only perron wlu I,tit Wi'der'a i'at
Salamander Fire Pioof Sale for ualr.
SILAS ( HF.RKIVU,
I IB Water ilftit,
X'OK'D HAND IKON SAFES, in goodcrdrr, for sak.
reiy low, al lli? Iron t_ lieet Warcliotue of
S. C HARKING.
1 I3? Water-treri.
l>uT?On Monday aitrrooon. in Can <1 nr ir Woorter street,
liue rinbronleird ( 'ninbric Haiu'k. rehicf. The licder w ill
literally rewatdtd, by le..tiiie with
CRAWFORD,
igl* _ No J3I Maid, ii I arte.
' L'TICE? The gentleman who rr. adr an e x .'hauge .1 I lrvika
on the til inatAnt, al the hnore of Mr A. Davie.aeb Sunup
etc will pltaae ca1 < atid rectify tin nuataae. jo) i,*
11.1.1 A li 1' A? OTIS FIEI.P Will le t.appy i i a fall (port
I in I r ein). at liaaafor.t'e Milliard Ko in., Cllimz Eating
am.-. w acre weeight epiendiu t.hlr a, wilh rial, and m ir '1
a, lo ha rnub-r. elotli, an ! ri i ing ? eel eualii >ns?iroa ,,;ij
h g ia ft am* a
Mtianct 149 Fultonatreet, and 11 Ann air.c'. Tahlea for
r, l>lm* |
:u w ALTER scoti's mi-ck ,i, wko js
A ND rot.TIt'A L WuRKS.?Ulfi :e 81 doweiy.?t om
p on of sir Wzlter Scoti'a work* for $5. in advaiu < , nr v!i
ith a single Nun b r. T In-rubrcrihe . ? ho h .r jnut ; ttbltvlii.i.
.-nut'n ? the Water!* Notett, fer the tutting ar.m of
nun w iaiiu d No I of the Miaeillaueou-, I'.one and t'ocat
Hi ik?. I fir VV.jt-r S ott, corn pi isi g Hie poetical w rfca
.j.liug Hi" .Mmticiay cf Uie Scotu h iloiULr, wlmh baa j
>?r in peared in an; other edition.
a lit* ,x .Nap .le a. i'aul'aLr ttera tohw Kiu?ridlr, |
Hi .t >ry ,.f seolland. Tale a of a'.iratidl ill.e-,4 rirr,
i" l.ili . fpivlft, Llfeof-amu?l ILrhaidaiwi, |
li (t L'ry.le.i. Lilt of Sin* il t. I
f* ?l Ko I line, LifeofO. kl nt' li,
leof urn Arr I.lit!. Life of Horace M'alpolr,
I'. I.Si r.ie, t il'e of Le Sage,
i. t'.'.i jRai'elufe, LifeofBagu,
I. ol Ir h ittohc Lite of i.eydol',
I of t. li r| , Ig .- nilli. Lif"olU>ior,
f , |U. ti, Lib Ol MurHew .r.1,
, at hivalryft'.d Krmam e, e-ermonr lie.on, loj*p and
it hira%k?.lw. ... _ ....
i >.li >li iciieed and corrected by him'eT. To tvhi'h it
I I l.ni aid < 'i ,<o ..lei*. h, l.i-.L knit. T ,i
lolrtobaeoippIcUd itwentj -fiie weeklv mint ir,i'>reS, o
i.n.1 ili'it'i imtng ?> t he addii| .Li l thi VV it I. N tilt |
a | hliJ.cn, n n 'il..r,n all I-, a c mp ltclitim I worn* i
?,r A al er Sr. t . I .. g Ir oi'y o i* ? er I a I I I M .?
d .vin prizing r r r, w, rd i the r.dinbui g i c .lioo, i . J J Vol
i .,lto coal ?t w )nchi*(il4t). ?, ,
i In Vio-k at I i a; ir rr gul irly in wr< kit nnnb?r?. p i i',e I
g. il pe", ni t wilt !< rjnipl li d in twe,.ii*n,? lonpl.rrs, (
. ,,, | -ur o '.vor Ion,en i r rely * . I, ,o tii. , v
il . II no' tar W >? ily No?rI* ju?. Ireut I by tin r irej i.'a- |
r.thf '-'I'll,! a tie ol w hob ia ,n v Ileum fi.rgr .
, f 11 *u'w 11 * rf J'ltlt pa; * o.il i t n Mi l 1)' *1
I le remit had. 1 a , u If ?4ion , r. ' Mie 11 11 . rt
.11 ,f .netoth I .aJi'y cfauti i :% J ?4 > I o t . vili, t,,
u lint ? f ?Ji> tti.-. r j ..d rti? ol 1h. pi . hi l'.nrO) r
I ? I. a .hr Iiu l I It I A .ui ra .t l.-!lllirr? at I a* 1. It
; utiCcr.ik it' ?r?* in ?cii jf' %' ,'th u: v ?' ill. ?' :? art a r?-i u' ii?
. n, ?1 i' * i!l' * nut'**.* t'.c i i! 'i .w. M.i?t iy on, i ,
'?ii?iii < ?J * I* r Km : cr ?n tlial n r rr.i a
i- t'i ih? ^iin D?'.Ur?-i.n I h? c ? y ih<*
? -. ?> .p, ?* 1 * he.it i ? cufi drnrr to ihr '?m- i . j b
lo njtilt anil l|b?- ! * m* 'I f I.I hi-r He ? ?> r* . ?: t ? r.i kli'
iti a v* J"a;.cue*! suiJ i- tej Mi c.i*.
i Jt I - 11 \j l ?t' ' ?? "frM
MM) .-Kra i, n ? iium ,sb i-i .r,, . llt. ,u. ,
(' t r *ral t? v ??klJt.> *jll tr dr. inn
, ? df?r?e'l up i;i th a?'m e.yte il 37| crti't a \ b*
m? M* BUKW .R
i. *.v i"oKJT ~io> ii".i I i.Tb t a lo ? * l??n?< Miry
J ni?Hi)'] IWil'tiom: hr \'r* A I" MOW^TT?
*'? W . % ' ? p<\Y K K.xlSie, J,mu > 4 h. Uh |
* n . * <?,? >.i' ti?c Pkh il1 !> - rroteil b> Mri.
1 i?t. r? ,<.,,1 ?i ?r> ? >ry r. ??kf.
1 ?*v in' c .<i iik'l* pa*'. me hi
, , . , I'HO jlMM.-'K-riRTl.
" U.J t;ie Auifcl I' Hunt
'III I l.!i> . 4
.e Mirtm...
" ' 1" '">) .1 >? >1J( r*
r wi* >>1,,,, lt|e( Mlirrfl,|j f.r >Jni
'l , I*. S.?rfc'u?
, IAHT 1
.MS*. . (H k.by. Arott
I, . I. ,.fh?n? i tu si v. > 01 'tbV i
" b ^ 'I uii tiWM#
TV nur?' 1-f .l.Jf;, ml*) V'r
I I *t 'r M?. |.? rfr .n-nre rH. b, oU h.,? I *1 ?t?
m . it * r? ant4. I'.j lumV P- t> , j- f?H ,
> -i *j ; t ( ?*( oifp I rMMJ>vay; *t ... ? |Y K?h'
i;, ?ui U IV i r rv, tat r *a*. \
AM sluu HtJM.
Hi tromm IJCLL
Btom .Vna.15 j)nn and 1 It *i?.'/oni(rr?i?j
"WEDNESDAY.
At 10 "el' ea utt lie a?!c room*.
Splcn lid furrilu'c Hale?4 onipri4iu;t carpe #, Jooklnf glee**.*
heda. bedaiead*. m tlraia a, aid?*. lampa, el i a cmekery au<
gl?a* atr?aple.ioid new furniture, tight piuio fortea, Jte
A'ao.a laigelotof atore flitnrea
AIimi, out plain forte. damaged, for tieco. n' of wham it ma)
conct rn. At eame time 4 a' I? n 11 I i lau'doi tea, id iiue order.
FRIDAY.
At I0| o'clock, in the Salea Rooma,
A splendid at. ck of firat rate ready made elnthine, Alan
)uud?cmr and w< U aaeorted dry good*. At ll| o'clock pre
ciaely. au entire itnckol < Uoice ? iu?? in demijauua and bottle,
viz.: fui^rinr Madeira Port, She.ry, Inc., lueonte iinuida?
Alao I O.IOJ Spanish Si gate.
SATURDAY.
At I0|o'clock at the Auction Rooint.
F.itrti.ire Kunn'ure aah?comprising the entire splendid
Fur nilure oi a f-inil j giving up loin eket ping.
Al.o. stork* of elegant uewcily made ca'.iucl Furniture, by
fit-dtr ol'
nniF. < ri/riVATOR-TO farmers and oak
1 DENEK8?Subaei-iptlon* for ThrCultintor, the cheap,
eat anil brat Agricultural Joirual piihlisliid in the United
Slat's,received by DAYTuN St 8 A XTON.corner of Fulton
and N.utau streets. by whom the January cuuihr r. being the
first of a new voliime, liaa just been rrreived. It contains a
great variety of articles oil all sufjecuof in'r-ett to the farmer
nl gardener, among w hi-h are notice* of Kuru|ieau Asrieul
lure. Agricultural Societies in the United Slates. Tuale ol
Plows. VVork for the mo ih. Silk manufacture in the Auburn
Prison. Notic -s of new Agricutual Worgs, Diclioxar n|
Agricultural Term', Farm Oatee and Im. IcmeDis Brautiful
Correspondence bctwreu Theory and Practice, Feeding A|>plea
to Stock, Varie ieaof Indian' orn, cul tire of millet, barley
and potatoes, Agricultural Thi-rmoireter Mouth IJ.iwn
Shop, The Oardru an 1 Orel ard, Domestic Economy, Dilea
are of Animal*. Str.
Among the II mirations of the prrsent number are portraits
of Mr. Cooper's horse Mreaenger, and Dr. Pool's bull Bernard
both of which rceeiv.d frsi premiun a at the late Fairofthr
American Institute?Plan of a li nden, law u and suaroundmy
grounde,faint iH|i|rtnrnte Sec. Pntiivhed inonDily at Albany
N. Y.. by LuDitr Tucker, 16 pagra -piarto at one dollar a y ear
jS 11*
tit ho Wants a fine it fad of haik.-To hh?enm
?? daudrulf removed, the hair prevented fioui falling, am
in:i?le to grow, la give all the light, red runty, or grey hair i
aoft daik look . tliesn in rs-<ua certify that their hai r b< ing thu
disordered wis completely rtaiored by wing Jotieev'l Oil o
Coral Circasaia, vu. W To"|>kin? Si hi g street, N. Y ; k
Bender, Broadway, N. Y.; T Beuuett, Fulion vtreet. Brook
lyn. Bv rubbing tlua in the root* or the hair it miybena o
red aa those persona were. The (rice of th a it only 3. 6 or f
?h 111 g* a bottle. Hi D en bcr it is net grnuir c unless tignei
T Joi.es on each label?mind, ) ou get the r ghl uumber, Hilook,
Hi Ch.-thvm street, buy a small bo'tle to tr, - it is not i<
puff, the price will tell yruthat Pimples, hlotthes, hiuI <11
eruptions of the skin, are cured by Sir W Billiards, called
J.-iirv's liidinn Balm, void at the svrne place. yS I1*
New yokk sack ed mi vittsoi' i e r v .-n.un.u.m,
splendid Oratorio of DAVID AND GOL11T1I will h.mrforined
on Tuesday iveiling. January II,at the BroadwayTabernacle.
CtiARactf.sv Ks ruKit h rgo.
Si'ter of David Mrs. Strong
Mitah. daughter of R .ul Mia> Pt-iraoii
David, Mr Urxham
Goliath Mr A.Kyle
Saul Me l ?? ?.?<- V ?
Jonathan Mr. K Munion
Messenger - -. A member
Caorusof shepherds. r arriora, Levitts' male and
lim ile altrndtn's By meinbert of the Society
L'aderant Conductor Mr U.C.Hill
Oigvist D. R. Har. ison
Tickets one dollar each to be had at the n usic sron a: at ti e
book etr.re of Dij-len k Saxb-n, on.tr cf Fulton and N.s.au;
Hale's yirni K> ohi. Wall 1'reet; of tlie Sec et ry of theSuciety.
and at the door on the etrning of performance; where
also ko.iki ol words wilt he for sale.
Mrinbers and subscriber! will rec ive their tickets by call
ir.g on J A Sparks, secretary,111 Nassau street, up stairs;
wli're persons wishing to become members or subscribers,
may ai ply
Poors s;ei at 6 o clock, performance will commence at 7J
precisely. _ _ jttl
I PA REWARD fur the detection of the trraojor rer
?JJ> 1 YJVJi0n* Inat broke my windows, with the houie coniiec'rd
with the Eichange Cottage, earner of Cliu-ch slid Vcscy
streets. The person was iceu to enter the porter house,
corner of Church and Vcsey streets.
jS 3i* J 1)11 N C. MAY, 15 Church st.
.7^. TO LET?Two comfortable Ofticr a in store No C|
South street, and immediate posses-ion given.bt apply :
ing to JOHN to. It DM AN en the premises
AU?,storage can be tiad on application as above. jj
n F V IKE OF ~T HIT W A X HIN (if ON" VlA ft fNE INSl' wRANCH
COMPANY of th- ciiy of New Yo'k, J nuary
4,1613 ?Tnc Board ol oirector* liaxe this day declared a distil
nd of six p. r ceut for the last six mouths, payable 10th nut.
The trausfer books will close until that date,
jilxv* tV. H. BIRD, Sec'y.
FOREMEN'S BALL.?The Ball iu aid ,.f the NevTYork
Klre Depa-tnicnt Fund, will take place at the Park Theatre,
on Monday iv?umg,Jau. 2lsl.__Tickeia fck y6 jawgw
NEW YORK AND ALBANY ti*."UtlBDCT0H1T
On and aOer Monday, December 27th, the Passenger Train
of Cais on the H'lUsatnuic Railrood w lil run between Bridgeport
and North Canaan as follows, viz:
Leave North C.tnvau daily. (Sundays excepted.) et 4 ' 'clock,
A. M.. and .rrive in Bridgt port at 9. A .V, Leave Bridgeport
at 1 P. M . or on the arrival of the boat from New Yoik, and
arrive at North Canaan at 6. P. M.
Passengers from New York to Albany by this route; leave
New Yoak Pom Catharine Market slip at T. A. M.. hv steamboat
to Bridgeport, thence by Railroad to North Canaan ?
Leave North Caraau next morning by a?age.2T miles to Chat
ham : thence by Vtegtira Railroad, it miles to tircaiibosh?
arriving at I2|. M. _
From Albany, leaee Grcrnbush at 1,P M hy Westers Raileoad
to < halham : the ce hy stage 27 mil. s to North I auaan
Leave North Canaan u?xl in .ruing at 4, A. M . by railroad to
Bridgeport; thence by attain joat to New York?arriving from
2 to 3. P. M.
b are through $4.50.
A Freight Train will leave North Canaan daily (Sundays
excepted.) a' k, A. M a .J o r log t port it ?. A M.
Freight by this route will be trensmried betwon N. York
and (jreenl u-h for $12 per tan of S000 lbs. Light articles,
biiudlo-, and valuable parcels will be huged higher at discretion.
A line of trains are now on the route for the transportation
ot t- re cht between .North Canaan and Chatham.
R- B. .MASON, Super.ntendi ut
Br'd;*epnrt, TVc. J5lh, 16tl. *31 lin'
SIXTY MILES LESS IRAl'.L TUAS 11Y
AX'Y OTHER ROl'TE
/XX THE MOST EXPEDITIOUS ROUTE
r-j- -^T*?-V3?T0 ALBANY, via BRIPOEPORT?Fare
Yi W 7 through ft 50
Th( Itrui' oit CRO i t'N or the NIM ROW. leave* Cathariur
Mirttt ilip, Kail Kivrr lidr. Lr Bridgeport, every morning
event Sunday. at 7 o'clock. From Bridgeport, p'??etiger?
will b-forwrnrdeel by thr Hnuaatoaic Ka'lroad in We?l Carta
iU. 173 mile*) to lodge, thence to Chatham (Tt mil**) byelm:*.
and thence to A hary (JO mile*) by Albany and Button
Railroad, uniting at II o clock. A M
(aV- Tit* Railroad can arc well wm rd hy *tr*.-?.
I it pa***gc or freight aptdv on board of the heat oral the
York lliuir, No. S Coiirtliiidt etritl, where ticket* ran b
procured. j> In
Vl .m IM PORTA N'T.
rT*>* eft HURL HURT k CO.'B NEW YORK
pV-' 'Ai-l > \NU SPRINGFIELD PACKAGE EX-f
? i-oL?-LPRESS, fir. Near llaven ai.d Harifoed ;
Office 7 Wall alreet, New York; 34 State street, H rtloid
1 he*ub?ciiheni will run a Package Car. under the care of an
My in.by the ft-unihoat train, tor the conveyance of package
ol every d.icriptinr, h. ie?, bundle*. ?am[ e good*. hank imti
apicie, kc ; package* will alio be received at the < ffi e 7 Wa I
nirrrT, New X"'i>. and lofWtideil to Norwich, tV'nrC'*ter,
line ton, Harlf Til. New Haven. Springfield, Philadelphia, Haltianorr.
Waahtugtou, Sal. in. Lowell, I'. riemouth and Portland,
llollowcl , Ai gu*U. Bangor.and all the principal cajltru
ci'iee and tow nr.
^All pack,pei ehould he rrarked carc of Hu Ibu' Ik Co.'*
Klkcir. Lai|;eiiackat:r?wiilbecaUidlor,il notice be lelt at
the office,
I'arti. nlar altenti n will br pail loeoll'ctnii and payii g
dm t*. i.olir and bill-, partita* rg good* on all the above named
1 lace*.
liurl'-urf k'hy or their ag< nt, * ill constantly acrompiny,
and - >he rvcluaive eare and cue o ly of their packa.'r ra:?.
and will be r**i*)h*ible for ihc gooja carrt'd in. or deitiued
for U, b> lore by lire. and peril ol the "never f-d.
A.VOS SMITH, Proprietor,
7 Wall etri rt New V orlt.
J. HI RLBURT,
34 State ttr-et. Hartford, f|.
J. HURT.BURT.
A vIO* SMITH.
,*A Fi'lt ALBANY?Ami intermediate place*.
f. j*or a* far tip at ihe ice will permit?in ConnerjC_!iou
? i' I toe Ut t,-e??Pottage fJ-'I'l r ute-.nn
b a ROBERT L. STEVENS, Captain Mibey, will leave
Murray Mr?rt Tier Sunday nviruiug, at i /clock.
N M?Thin boat came turo tch fr. in rciighkrc[?ie oh her
I I trip.
V. * l' ueafr nf Kr-ylil. apply on board. o-nfCrooke,FowU?
In v ,t the c-rner ofWr?tai d Liber'y ?tr? ct?. jl
. ,yg? r--i ViAlL LINE FOR AI BANl an-' inter
i* ."r mediate place*, or a* t ,r a* the ice will pr''
.Cunt -a aiit -Ureaklait ou b ml.?The *tramb'at
EM EH ALT). < apt. Jl hit He t.-hum. w ill leave the Mot of Vlur
r.n ?trri. lira nio.ni<'g at 9 oVIork.
For fie-ehl or paa'agr apply on bon d, or to CKCOKE.
h OWK8 k CO., at (lie corner ofWe.t haJ Liberty ilrrvu.
jl - -
. Vi ' I 1'AlC V L I.N'lr. I () A I, i \\> anT>
t^r?rV 4* TON.-Through New H '(n, Marti iril and
.i'..?.s'fi ?- T_ Sir.ngi'pdd bare air Hollar*.
r I'-nifM 'Ttay leave Now VorU by ele .mera NEW tRK
ar-i KOtt IV. SKO d lly, Iro n Ptck flip, at 7 A . M. arrive
at Nrw lli?m *i hilt paat 12; tneuce oy rit mid to 1'artford,
arid iirrne ft d> tit 3 V. M , wh-re aUgt a are in readi-i ,* to
til r thriii to SprM.Rlie'i! Mini ur vr at ihi ,t 7 I". M to bulge.
L v Sprinefie.d at 7 A. .'.1., by railroad I r Boi.ruor Albray
nod are v. mi either deftinatiou at noon.
it t riongby ainircouvet.' ice, lettro Aih-rni or ILvaton ft T
A. V. .lodge v. liar.fid, and ur it it N' it i orh telween t
aso'i 3 M f illoMint dry.
traveller* .,rr aa-pre.! that thia lino w ill b- OMntinued w thout
int*rruMirn through 'he ???? ?. and the proprietor, wili
nor hi ir i.tuioet i irrl iou to makt 'h? route thr wott e itrftri
.'i < d plea .11 . t my for the winter j| ,
foil NEW t>tiI.r A3 S ?t, utaiaoa ,t > ?
I bTiTJrfcVoi* t.inr?1', titively Kirnt IlrgOar Packet?To
orii f.tight till '2 o'clock lh" -fteruoou, and to
| in.-it 1 o'rloeb The ap i di' ai I f.iai f.uHi g *<- * < i>
I >11**1 - "I I'M. C1 plain ' Hilli iid, will i aitively ami in
, a. vr. In rrp-.il ?rdiy K. r freig.it or p iaa .ge, t,,rin tplen
| tji !l> 'ur tab <1 a-i-oin?noj itiona. apply o.i, board at Or i?ua
! wtiarl', loot vl Wall itieet, or to F. K.i OLl.l V* U. < n
SS foutli ai -ret.
I aant-pi r? wi'l plr a. be on bo-rd at Orb ma whuf. foot of
Wall rue. I >hia n at 3 p. m., a' which tiuir tne ru .nun.l
ILrc o i. ill t:il hi 'hiptoaea.
I r e -l i irr * !l be l.kni to 1 ate ihe go i'? by th a 'inc c .r Ctij
im I'liml.
.3 rn: I,, New V)rleihl. Jul. Woodn.ff, who will , roil [ |y
f..''w.iriel t<>'*i'a te lilt edtlit-i.
.I "r'' "t ?hip OUIAA. < art Mulfo d. will tuccird the
0 i- :ar ;-ti and rajl the'Ofh hey reirii'a' day jl
fl I'MttEK i-1 hit HA..-' it p.i. Rtij
JfSiit V I O J "t fill'-III ?l III ino.-r ,p|?i.,i ,( ,i liela < u r III'^i?d
t thejeiblit Kit pa t abort -v-t n o -akin ila * at tb<
1 .ur i rice ol $> Alan an ailii-lr at <g 5q, >q.rwl in d ir..hil ly
a- d I a' -e to tioae rni-imon v ?-.td ,| fx
"iliju:^ _ NJlOWd i'ra.-1-c I Hot' '. ltd ( anal at.
vh KlVK no'LLflilo kl.iV tJUI.-Lnt.i a Friday
rv i r*. tnr Jtth Drrrni .. l ijo, * an ,11 wh Ir ' uha
Oil ; o flight tiogrd ylioi, .joi on tbe tiyhlftd*
r I hii hueX?rnferrrf t l .r m n of ( am II. Whoe.vi r ? ill
returi him I o No. 14 riirJftta. t, will nctioa tha ahorr- re
ward. i j i'
-1 fOU SAl V. < ::f.' i A t? - Iti S , rtoree",
Jni ire ipt and a very tiealrahle fu-iiy Tlon-. itli
.Clt i.W tin i r.d II inie?f. to br-?oW very < h-ao. To be
to .t I noel'a nib ra, 4 37 llouaiouati-ert, kmi Broadway,
it M
H A rtieA'N?ity ordrr of tiie Slirr g ite i.l It-i* n', . iri.lv
theitilnrribt <?til fail at niciiia on the ,.ieioi?ra on Ihe
Ht'iiln Ft bi u .ry net .at IS oVIork. ucon. tb? rtry de-ttoll
F 'im,?. i t rnirw ? i enty-four aerea.tp.orr r leaf,# tualid
-lit*, u-lv.een Kl. htrr and J .fpici. IrootlnJ >u ll.r
in r. ,.| U-twr-n l> two p ncia. tv uoded hy the f-rn-a nl
v*. ury lli? and tl urge \ an trv r. . t" am , im e ifii by I I 'rn
'--0 Foriwlicul >r? ?ar I utlibnl U no r t 'tue r.nlt the
?r.o o.i e-n r*main an battd ai t i* eltt.**1 a' low idereat
v.no lir. of JNO. I* Hi' '.IV Ml*.
jt ink K, 4 F V -.1 . r w rer a!
nfinim/.tton vvas* i t> o"t juhv t?; tuvhttir.
i lrifh-nan wbo tended in % >v Vrrk lirttdrf Jtim M. let'
tHia r II y ifth for ?aiaTn h. x-otr>| mi t! b) o n'lier .'riehmi
I ihe r ne of Htnrjr a-I..-'ton. wboaiid he w a a >,nf tea.
; tic i.w. a lb cior J-ilu.?i.n . w! o lit'd r?n.Temrtil io 9a
t. ii a A'\ nib matin ft not t'-r ao.l Job O'thinor
e 11 be b<?ukf'i'ly r> eatvrr ? I pratef l arb:e ? leilged oy
gV 'I l l.\S V.nl tll ft., New York.
I Murl
PARK THK.ATHK.
TICKET Nl'tHT.
THIS EVENING, Jan. I?The ixrlorniarce will commeaee
WHAT WILL THE WORLD SA6 1
LordNtfWwrf Barry I Cai* Tamd ilA- Piatule
To he followed br
I LA SMOLENSK V
To conclude with
THE ANATOMIST.
' Monti* tr, Placide I Crit|>in Fteher
be .trier Mrt Whentley
Bcie-, )>l ?Pit to cent*?Gallery 35 eenu.
Iln..e? -men ?t It, terfonnaneernnirrvnen et T o'el-vrh
' UlhtTllAfl THJCATMk.
THIS EVENI NG. Jan. 6.?The perlnrmaaret will eommeuee
with the Eqiiretri.iu Spectacle f
MAZKPPA '
Mazepna, Mr Kirby?Abdcr Khan, Mr Lrwtllen
;.e|ma. Mn 1 no rue
Toconrliiitr with
1 . BRIAN BOKOIHME.
O Dmohut J. R, Scott
Vottimar, Kirby
Erioa Mm. Thome,
tone toccata,Id and tdtier*31, Pit 13? ,-#ail.r> ,?
Dooranprnat ?l: CurtainritctatTt orerieelv
IKITDIIKLL'8 OLYMPIC THEATUk.
THIS EVENING, Jan. 5?The perfennaace will conmeace
with
SAM PAltR.
Sam Parr, Mitchell
_ After which.
THE GREEN'S OWN.
Capt Pummervile Horncastle | William Billinga Or.h m
Laurella Miss Singleton
To be followed bv
THE DEAL) SHOT.
Heetor Timid, Mitchell.
Louisia, Miss Singleton.
To conclude with
VlSl'HltF MAKING.
Nicholas Dovetail Graham
Maiiette Mr? Timins
Admission?Dresscircle fOerols. Upper boaes 1?nenta. Pr
Mi cent*. Private botes (i
Doors open at half past sia. Curtain rises at seven
BOWkiHY AHPIUTIIEAlttE.
No 37 fltrterr u.
THIS EVENING Jan. S?The perfarmance will commence
SECOND APPEARANCE OK MR. TURNER.
The performance lo commence with a liraud entre<, entitled
(JALLOPADK ENTREE.
Feats of Horsemanship by T V Turner.
N-grodaucing by the uoriralled Matter Diamond.
Mr Sands will introduce an imposing Equestrian Act.
Vaul inff by the whole company
Master Rivers', whose wouuerfu] performances defy deseriplb
n
Horsemanship by Mr Buckley.
C.ituic Song bv Mr Booth.
The eel br.ited Rivers Family go through their much admired
feats of Gymnasia.
To conclude with
OLD DAME TROT.
During the evening a variety of other eutert'infaenta.
Doors open at performance commence# at 7.
Hnies 56 cents. Pit Its cents.
Th? animals belonging to the Zoological luetitute, writl be
open for exh.biliou during the holidays. Entrance No. 17, ID
L.hrvslic-st. Admission 25 c?lite.
1MB. W "A itC AD IAIM OitROEA,
iVo 2Tm Blrtrkrr *lr?rt.
(Under the dnei tiou ot Mr H ROCKWELL )
Tills EVENING, Jan. 3?The eutertaiuments will com
mtnee with a grand
WALTZ AND STAR ENTREE!
I.ed by Mrs. Gullin and II. Rockwell.
POLISH RRO'I HERS, by Mr ltislej and his Son.
ACT OK HORSEMANSHIP, hjr M ater Stephens.
Comic song, Mr. T.G. Booth; Juggling, Plate Spluni-'g, he.
by Mr C. Sands.
I 1'IVIIMM flliri, I V J'ir. ' ' OHLltia.
The l}"dite*a Dun,by Mr O Stone.
Negro Melodiea, by Ri'ly Whitlo.k and hit Dan jo.
Hie Wi^giuuy.BreikdowHa.by Maater Diamond,
timid Kihiopiau Tiio, by Matter Diamond, Whitlock, and
T. (I. Booth.
The Ammouian Maid, by Mri. Otillin.
Mr 8t"ue will appear in the character of an Indian Hunter
The whole to conclude with a Laughable Alterpiece.
Door* oi>en at a qutrtrr part 8; performance to commence
at 7. Boiei 60 cei te; pit 25 ceute.
AMERICAN MUSEUM,
Comer Rroadxoay and Ann street.
Manager and Director, Mr. P. T. Barnum.
The inanag r haa pleuaurc in announcing that he has tfruted
an eng >g* m?nl W'th the celrbrated and acco i iihahed d?na-u*e
.tliaa M C Willi ons. favorably known throughout the Umttd
Stair* aud Hal adna. v* La Petite ( . e' ete.
Abo with Mr JENKI NS the celebrated tenor linger and
delineator of Yankee ecreutricitiri. And likewise with the
reno wed ALBINO LADV
bianor Marriotte will ethibit the wonderful end beautiful
Italian fantoccini.
The apletiilid COSMOS All A wa? entirely changed on the
let of January,and will be changed regularly ou the fintol
erery month ...
Priucipal* of Schools and their pupil* admitted on liberal
ter- -a.
Admittance to the'Mueeum and all the entortainment*. *5
cent*. hildre* under 10 year* of age hMfprir. ''B:_
D EST * U HA NT F OK LADIES A N DOE VI LEM EN,
IV 573 Broadway, opposite Niblo'e Garden,?Thi* Km'aurant
ia above the Ice Cream Saloon. La. iee will find, at tliia
eatahlieho * nt, a private eating room, and a bid of fare aupplied
with tv?ry thing that the omki t can afford?the Subscribers
hope hy their punetnality, giving all Maaisfaeiiou to
the person that will give them their patronage. Private room
for diuoer partie* can be had.
All ordei* received to aend out?dinner pert ire. hall*. r*iw'j
&c.omamrntal pyramid ; all kinda parrms of aogar, char* of
liberty, fancy eake*. Charlotte ruafe. Jellie* lee cream, biscuits,
glace., i.ombc* . greD?-?-. "" ""'P manutaelurer*, Ac,
On "and. truflii*.!-"'define* grn*, aud the ptrigueuy, pelita
ehHmpa'gnon*.
Farniliei will hue, at any time, a variety of diahe* ready to
aeud out. Their price* will be moderate.
.MAONAN It JULiEN,
jt Im* French Cooks and (VnlVctioucr*.
T1 18 ft KMIOKANT SOCIF. ry.-The quarterly meeting
I of the Irish Emigrant Society will be hel.l at Carroll Hall,
Duaue atreet. on Wedcreday eve' ing, the 5th of January, t Sta.
Tnc chair to be taken at T 'clock.
HOUKRT HOGAN.PnsUnl
I ieorgc L. Kceffe, ) . ,
M'fb"el Burke. \ ^ Jt kt?
CAST tisT' CLOTHING.?Ucatlemeu oi f.millet thiow??i<U
from their wardrobe artirlei of weirinr annarel.
n>l iWirtir to turn the umt into cash t un obtain from the
euhscntier 30 ter cent more than anv of er ne ion will one
H. LICvKT P.74I Broidwjy
Otfie* No. 130 Nassau St., opposite Clu ton Hal1, N. Y.
Kamilin and ntlrmrn attended at their reaidruees by ap
pointinenl. and ail order* left at either place, or aeut through
the Pint Otfire. will receire prompt attiliiiou
N B.?Ladle I apparel and Kaucy Ball Dresses alan purchaii<
d. J4 3t'
'PHfc viUbKl MOK FORtlO.N LI 1'fcRA'l UKK,*?.
for Januarv, 1843, ia puhlivhrd ?M contain* tlie admirable
article ti| on Vvarieu Hastings. by M caulsy ; an article hv
Hrofciinr Wilton, Upon the Downfall of Napoleon, which will
rivet ibe attention and'quieken the pulae of eqery r?ader ; Citliu'*
Letters ..ndNotc* on the North American India-a. with
excellent extracts . Britia iFirM Siwrtc, mo-l elaborat. ly ami
fully trc-ted, afeer Niinrod'a usual pleasant and gosaipping
sty le ; Window a Anatomv of Suicide ; the late Lord hydtn
li.,in ; 1I4 Two Nuns, a deep tragedy ; tin Irst p rt of a i aerount
of Anson'* Kipeditinu ; a hure I Ian for War against the
United atate* : aLove Letterof I4SS, eery goid ; Convent if
Kr- nci.e tea ; Baroahy Hodge ; Charles < I Mal'ry ; Anecdotes
of Hook, lie. Ik.)., with snout forty ahort articles on Science
ana Art ; as many rnjre of a mticcilaueoii* character, and
some poetry.
This numberof the Museum is made up from the Klinburgh
Renew, Atheux in, Dublin Univsrai'y M marine, Rl.ckwood's
Magazine, Britannia, Vraaer's United Serro e Journal.
0 t .miner, Mr. Dick ran. Chamber's Journ.,1, Literary Journal
and Spectator.
We embrace the whole circle of British Periodicll Literature
; an t aa the Museum contains more matter in one of its
monthlv numbers than aoy of the fcdin lurgh Keviewt, we are
able to after the pith and spirt of the w hole. The F4*r% ry
number will contain ano'her excellent article br Mr. ac ulay.
' The wheat from the*'-t whlitalion* should be winnow*
ei !" Price t? a year. Published by
K. Ll I Tfcl.L ll Cf? , 3?7 Cheanut street, Th la' elpliia.
Sold by M'a-r*. L'AKVTL'. 8t CO., New Vocg.
Just published, as above, handsome and cheap rditiors ol
Ten thousand A Year, Charles O'Mallry, Barnaby Ku 'go,
lid < ui ijsti J Miip. jl ins
WTtHMUT .MKU< L'RY.-DK. 1? BftCNNA, has The
minor oi informing tne cnixrns ol New Yorz. iha
be ci res radically, ou Hie homeonaiuK system, ana in a tee
dat a, every description of syphilid disease, whether rseeut or
of ioiiJ standing, w uhout danger of relajwe, which very often
occur* by vlie use of mercury.
The remedy of Dr. Urenna does not contain a partirh of
mercury, or any o her corrosive or poisonous mineral, and
ttierefore caioiet possibly earicise any deleirnous ihflueoo*
on the body. It can he coriveni -utly administered, its operation
is always ale and uo bad consequences can tullow froin
1 s ii,c. Woe. eyer critical tlie eircuiustamea under which it ia
takes.
xfj~ Patient* wishing advice can consult Dr. Brum at hit
.lf.ee. Granite Building, corner >1 Broadway and t nsmneri
treet. Mitrancein I,hamper* sirs t. at anv hour fw n 10 A -i
to 3 P. M. j3 t?
er.' IRD ANNUAL BA .1. OK THfc JKKFr.KSON GRK
i NADIV. KB'Tlie th id At ml Ball of ihia eompvny will
Gke place on the ISth January, 1341, at tl.e Apollo Saloon,
Mroajw.n'. The best Bras* Sand oi the city nenciged for
Una uccaflon. Ticket* $3 each, to he had of
Captain lt>)te| Igfi tlie* nwieh street.
Lie lit Schlos?er,5? Centre vt.
Ord. Serg. Schtlpi. 37 Rno.evelt St.
S<rat Schwartz. 158 Second at.
fwrgt. Ilauier.107 Wa.lungu u it.
Corp. FrtP k. LieUnc y (
Corp. Blanc, 74 Kultou ?t.
. . ' "CP Sthl.aeer, henry Clay How.
d7l JVciy IViv. Bri.r-r. 7H tamer a'.
A KTIKIC'I AI TKr/HI.
A RTIFK I \L Tf*!It TH?Without r' -ipi LifaturM Su
^ Mroin tooth to a lull 4i?<l coinol* tr ? !. ? n the priuciple*
of atm. ric |?rte?Mre, hy M. LKVKrT. Dtn.'ttf
__ , WO Hrr?atl* ay. c ?ri.rrot'Warrcu ?
(From !h? Ne?v York < omn eretal Adtfrt???r.l
A trifu l alour elbow r"jj*pt? u* to n tir#- aoote ??eth he
had iu?erted by Dr. L*reit, of No 260 tfr<> ?dw jr.,?' d Instate
hia mtirtraat'rtf rtioo.n^l only *ithrec.nl to t:.rireth them
hilt the mauner iu which thi? delioaU ? ptrat tea vtas
ptrlotnri.
Dr Lrvett hat b?fn too lonp before ?h? <-ol?hr aa the ie<ro'
due' r of the A! Dw#pt.'-nc I rs mre P. inciple," to n<J,rt *
py llah'e frorn us
Coyy . f ah tier from Ota. Du? Oreeti to
Mr Leretf?I V*rite ft the *rqu?it I?f a r ,n y ?
nude % sr' of arMfc'al t?FVi,los?y that '5e? *L5,re" ei!"
tire m'i f tc i. n *i <1 th>f your triucir* it' prr??
sure is full? rn.fied. ? leeladnty to you and to ?f n hs may
-J ami m i,red , f year lei feasional *reicep m
;
ftiu.s rut b?n'OTS??T0\. h<m.mi.?.k ?.I7r.?a.
! n U,..T.|>,.nd ?l| tlx eafety fund bank*, ale ? SI Lawrence
m>.r. a ?i| the free or redVach hanka in tbie Stain telea at
:wr far rloihi. c?Wil aeetmga, flnune'e.wc. II the lowoat
i r ieh price al 4il treenwieh e'rret Bear t ml nil Imte*
Oil TATtOR'S BUHAM OK LIVKHWOKT-? X*
Hew?r<l will he jmiJ I" ?BT p"?n wh i will prove the
iu.Miti.mnof iha " Widow in the to he tent lhat I
am not the broti.er of ber late huebaad. r A TL i| er or tlial
I .in i.ot poaerta the otig uwl rn*ipe fcr Tnylorb Balaam of
Ll?rr<e?rt 01 that I o.rrr made or auid thia medicine at my
lata residence., 375 Bowery.
W W. Tihthb. Ml ' 'pnn,: >t
Cat-Tioa?Be* arr of the rUterneuia of ih- intern'tJ una
(' .udii'-n. ! Daily m?n? nhameful attack# ar> made, calculate
i| m dcceirr purchaser* a lei other* aa wall I deptie* the
tvhfful |.io|iri.-lor of all th? ir jn.t tlai ju Ka. e obi-r. there
in hut one original r-ripe in < tietrnee. and lhat in in Speiag at.
ir m wh.eh t ie medicine wu oricma'.ly prepared by thro
.n the Bowery, and elanhahed the rnedi. me in iU high re
pole. Touch none made Hv thone who are lr/n a to dec< i??
run by fala- n> acrtiorn. l'urchaee only that made from the I
irijiinal recipe luSpiiag ?tract arm )ou arc certain of the
icii'lIU- .
Atrnta an loth, ra eopp'ied. on highly f.iToeabla tenaa, by
1u aula proprietor, W W 'iMaran, ail apiiny Ireel forinrrl.-?75
0-w>r? . _ dTP tmia'
MUSI C.
f O. irKliia k flllAHM, mcmbira ,4 the (me
a'I man ?'.uaKal hocrety, beg lre*e In nl..rm La . due
>olc r-iriety of New VorL and it* aicmily IVel 'hey h %?e
rntad a rail and afb i re ,nd ot iBCtriMtanta l? frciaarv.nl
Weolt ill riu in her. if required They hare all I .w fa?him,abh
ae * Watma. Oalopa. ai.d 'ottlliona of Ike eelnhratnd e.uniw
ter . Streuae Lanoer I .h .al r Muaaid ant oilier errioea
.. femora, ard h.ilu jjieinw'rea tit readia'^a to alt. nd priTai*
.irliee, r-o'ei a, he Tnc> will <lleiu| with two inwlrrimenk
?h>!io ? d l liino for.e, and any addith'tkit rt 'inhnr thnt may Fe
chaired r irora willba nr vrii Uy aiirmled I > by npt-l ym? a
.V m'#?i a?. -e f t.i| 6 ' wd aj .al'd at :h?ir reerrlentee No
?7 Or I.urr i ytrcrt. ;l let
1 1
kl
I I ALIA S MUMC?Mr. SUNNING, (twenty yetn i.Ta ^ \ 1
Ideal in Naplea, pup I 01 the celebrated Pacini utd CreeccnBlhu \
ni) givea iuairucliou ou termi to ?oi th? timet, ia It Jit# i .
k're ch, aud English Singing. tad in the mott faahionable atylA \
of I'iauolorte | la) ing. Mr. M. hiu permiaaiou to refer la the
foil wing gentlemen?
J M. Wainwright, D. Dm Me?ar?. Howlawd k Aipuwit
J K. Schrotder, 17. li.; J. 1. Brightiu, F. L. Hawkea, D.D
S. Ward.
(?j- Mr. M. midei at 91 Walker (treed, near Broad wi|
" THE GRKATEST GOOD FOI
THE GREATEST NUMBER."
lI/riOEVEK w:n the authorof the abort gloriouaieniioatE
V V || he acted up to ite ineaoiu/, deterred to hare hit nam
recorded on a mouuineut of adamant k el there are many cri
ry day who in their particular railing codearor to carry on
itt maxim. A remedy or cure for any diatreaeiug complaint i
an ^enl in performing "the greatett good for thegreatcat nun
PEASE'S COVirOUND EXTRACT OF HOKEHOVM
CANDY,
ia now considered one of the belt mcdieinet in the world fo
erailicating iu their preliminary itagei all thoae complainta 0
the luugi, which tilently eatiug their way, end in
CONSUMPTION! . .
Thil terrible diteaae rommencei from a email beginning, an
like the worm in the tree, ia at finl too trilling to be felt, bt
" ci uatant dropping weara away a rock lime doct itt work
the worm deat: >va the tree, aud the alight cbid, pnrauing itafi
tal and painful way,cloaea in
DEATH!
Feery body ahould rreollect lhat to be wel1, ia to be caution
about our health. We go out of a cold or raw day and gel chill
ed or wet; we lake uo precaution al the moment, the very mo
merit, perhapa on which life may turn, but go for a day or tw.
wtih a bad COLD.
Kren thia w?* neglect, and we think it will pnaa aw ay ; M w
h?ve had cold* hofore, and thty Ufl us thrtii*elre??why no
thia ? By and by,the gold. in*t?^d ofieawua.haa iucreaacO V
a COUGH.
We real at night moat uncomfortably ; we wake up with dami
CMld aweat all over the body and limba ; we begin te I'eel a lit
tie alarmed, and ihiuk it ia time to take Uicrficiur. Yea! it i
ktotM # w e ^4**lw, h** doue ita work ; it haa goo
? ... _ LUNGS!
INeitner modern phytic nor modern surgery ia thenofanra
ail. L.ue, delicate eeen in health, ee alight ia the tenure of ci
lite nee, depends^entirely upon respiration. The lunga.it ul?e
rated or affected, operate at once upon respiration The dia
t*ae increases day by day ; we see the patent etp'ring by in
w and know that he or the ia past hope. It may be a p.*real
a broker, a sister, a brloeed wife, or a cherished Jiild !
k a> w? 'dves its web ; all hope M gout ;
w i watch life's alow decay ;
Th^ fatJ moment aoon draws on,
1 ? bear*he toul aw3y !
Reflect for a monw-at the first symptom of the cold a mac
rty could have beeufu.ad. * i , trilling rapense life would har
beeusaved. A package f
HORKROUND candy,
used IIi time.?T^?Lta?(? '*?d,|within the hut two yean, tb
heeaof rfiUUSAIMio;
The b*tt way to be iwepared fepinst colds, ix to have torn
atan'ly by ycu a tuckage ol Candy, Whew wet or chilled n?
it : It act* upon the xy.trm thorough'*,. hut gently. While r
aid. the lunge, it is a mild purgative ; In. bjweli are kept opsi
?thia preeeuU
RHEUMATISM.
Some people litre censlitutious so strong that a cold .loca pot
affect the rhrst but clogs the stomach and bowels, act?m ru
lently upon the system, and closing in
BILIOU- FEVER. '
Now, the Candy hat as much efftct upcu the system here asi
it o|>erated upon the lung*, perh ?pe more eo , for you may tin
g> r with consumption, but a billions fever ia of short duration
either for life or death Meu with broad chests and full habitl
should ther> fore be as careful of colds as lliote with thi web
est constitutions.
ASi HMA, WHOOPING COUGH, CRAMP.
In all these complaints, at the outset, be prepared at enct w
meet theiu with a remedy. Let ih^y-midy be ,
Pea si St Sows'
HOHEHOUND iMNBY.
IVr it thoroughly, and you will find R is worth and v-dne.
Sold wholtsale aud retail, at the Manufacturers, tfi Division
street.
Agents?Zieher, 87 Dock street,Philadelphia ; Redding, Na
8 State street, Boston ; Robinson. No 110 Baltimore street
Baltimore ; Rawlsii Co- 57 Slate >tre? t, Albany d7
THE PRINC 11'L.ES OK M U 1 UAL rNSUUA^Ct
ooMHinr.d with a stock capital, ar tiik
JACKSON MARINE INSURANCE COMPANT of the
J city of New York ?Capita) Stock $300,000 ?This Company
havii g by a unauim >us vote of the Board ol Directors, ana toe
writ en consent of a very large majority < f the stockholders,
adopted a bye-law, to take effect on the first of Jauuary nest,
that afitr the payment to ih stockholders of an annual-nterest
of aeveuper cent oc the amount of iheir capital stock out
of the interest accruing on the invretmrnlofs aid cat i.al dock,
and the premiums received by the said company, the kuance
of net profits shall be invested in a Sa'ely Fund, to Ic set
apart and separate from the other fuudt of the cosnmny;
which fund shall belong lothe stockholders of said cciqmny,
and the persons and firms who shall have paid the pre mams
composing said profits, and lor ? Inch a cert ficate may be issued
transferable on the bocks of the company, which csitifi.
cate will entitle ihe holder the-?of to the inierret anioatly,
that inr y be made on thr investment of said fund?thus giving
the pat lies making insurance at this office all the advantages
fmin the Mutual Priorinle. and infins alio lie 1
lion*! se uri'v turniebedby the capital stockof thecoi < )
The rules of premium will be us favorable as that ?
other company.
DIRECTOR d.
Simeon Baldwin, C. Win'hrop Gray
Justis Harrison, Charles Kneelaod,
Win. VV. Todd, Edward Bement,
Joseph Foulke, Jr. Samuel Byervy,
Robert H. MeCurdy, John B. Lasala, j
Kuate'l Subbins, Samuel L. Mitcbel f
Win. Augustas White. Henry W. Saratov .9
Jasper tirusve. or, George Collins, ff
Amhony B Neiieon, IJeorge F. Thomas eA
Anson O. Phelps, Silas K. Ever ret,
Chtries Biugicre, Thomas VS.oale,
James (J. rtacey, Thomas P. StssUo# .
Dennis Perkins, Latbrop L. Sturgig
SIMEON BALDWIN. fr~?wut, (
JUSTUS HABt""0^!? tcsrpasj |
Wii.liuM W. Dibhlce. reinry. f
A statement ?ho"<u? 'he investment# of the rapiw - ?
wi'l be opea fsr tli inspection of any person wishing* ? i J
i Mies a with thefcoinpsnyr '
RH,^.u.T^ffieacy of^HECflfNESE MIXTU.1 ' I
effecluallv car ne snblt severe cases of this ever*'.
<1 iseuse. IS .learslleled It is traly deserving the Bene . '
ttee of the afflicted, firsts epntiratiou has universal.} b-" ?
tended by the most aigr.sl enecias. In tastunnny of R# "
ry.the folowinp is ansexed. Others, ujualli, eatiitactoe-y
c n be eianuned at the flora ol MARTIN J. FulttT. the T
proprietor, 170 Bowery, \cw Fork, the only place ia the city
where it can be obtaiued .
Ilaviiu.' been called upon by Mr. Martin I. Ft'r.t to eyprroo
mv opinion in relation u the effieieni y o' his remedy for
Rheiimaliam. I cheerfully comply. by statii g Dial having aerd
it, I do rot hesitate to declsre that it 'i tl.e vwy b-si etltrnal
application for that painful aud wyst> lims tisease hat bar
ever come under my u tier. I would alsostate liat Mr. Fursl1* /
remedy has been used with complete success bipersons ol m> '
ernimntancr. anil indeed, in no instance h-fc I known il t->
fail. JUDUE JAMES V HHF.YS.
1K3 1 Velfth street.
New York. Dec. 18,1841. Y d30 lm*
THE BHANDRETH fMLL9arefoldatMl toad way, ?v]
Bo ery, 188 Hudsou street, an I ITS Stcomyireet, at 4
ceuts per box, with directions.
^ (fij- CANKER OK THE MOUTH fcf
Pore mo .lh from canker, ulcerated or sore iSiat, pais I
the breast bone, are speedily cuiid b> a few dot 4nJ BH \ I
DKETH'S BILLH. rhese unpleasant and paiulggompl its
are all cured by putifi ing the blood
Seren years hive nearly elapvd since the Ri?rtth I'll#
were tirst introduced by Or. Benjamin Brand re I into lie
United Stiles, and he is happy to sa. that they are hi I iJa
wir with ihe American public, and thai their reputAn is J.H
on the iocieaee.
It is scarcely necessary for Dr. Brandreth to IsuHliis
friends that he continues his unremitting care and pmouJat
leniion in the manufacturing department of the Bianflh Jns:
orthiltbey sreenti'ely free from Ch'mical or MArajprt
mniLind ihrei* facte beiiiff wed known aml"undcrsmil f he
?<v While M* rcury and bl.cding iml other delete.I me
die* are lec.mtiug more vud more unpopu ar, the Urni i
are eitending the a; h-re of their ur-fulursa bjr Ihtl-lrtr*
tion of a p-neroui piib'tc. I '
BRANDHETH PILLS. \ '
8-rur.ty to the Talion! of Brandrelh'a Pill \
NEW LABELS. \J I
CtQ- The New Lab la on a aioglebov of the Cenui
dre h'a Pill', contain 60?3 LETTERS'.'.!
In conaxinriire ol the greet variety of counterfeit i t\<?
p-etrnded Bratdrelhbi I'iHf, and which, in many tn^t'. r 1
Hearty reeetnblea, in outward apoea'anre, the gennS if I.
old 'tyle aa often to deceivet eunea y Doctor Br de^j.
acting under a aenae of duly to the public, haa employ thicclrbrated
artieta, Mrevre. Perking and I'Urand, wbi 1; vcfW
Crrdr I in iroducing, at great coat, three new lil.elg, frt
at eel, of extreme difficulty of execution, and ol ao r.irwtliae
a nature, aa to amount loan impoaithi i>y of imittticii, be ? i
conatdered hy jud. et a maater piece in the art of aiu ' I iQ t f
The butdrr nl'the top, and alto ol the und'r Itfrl, ugh
pceed ol the uioat elaborateattd cli<at;- p-rtterna i.f Cf 4'
I'ocrovn'he clt.nai of t'-.ege baautifuf PlKle, !., IMOa
whtrn thev are panted h yrevicugly printed with 'leu pi"
after a deatgn an euquiaite and ao no tt e na to defy emit f
on; the top and the under label each r..nl ,ir> the
"BENJAMIN B VANDRKTH'S PilLS." wriit*
ink nearly two hundred time"?the lop and u derialerm lit
! 'g, th*r?fore. tipwarali afli'e thouaand Ir-raer. .
1 here is aLo ti|ic.ti the tep, the under, and ** 'j law *
rignaturta of Pr Rriudrcth. one being l'i*.,r,?"'a* ,v?
lhue--B Ilraiidieth; and tte o her hi' fu I aignatue .
Benjiniin brand'eih; bolt being fac-et'rj raof the w/t im
Dr. llramlelh, to imitate which ta forger. .
The Br.a dr >h Pillr having a eve label# upon tncm.l I
r Led u,"Hi a the tre* aim g-,.nine.
Dr I'll ANDKETH s I'titicipal Office.?tl Bmadwa-, ? ,
o'h>r offic a in Ne * York, it7 nudaon atrcet. ?T? Bnw?- ia
ITS Hen.n J e rcet. ?1 eol ?
OANDS" If VIE DITTO R SALT RHfcl''M-9..:i"
f Ringworm. T-Her. Scald Head .?a'h?r a -e a i jft?
Itch, Ecxena /^^IfctuaP) mr d by t?
akin, arc allely ,W run ly.a Vbeen relied in more y
Sanoa < "?<{?. u^*ch hw^.ttheabovetiiacaa a w
1" ? whe-^? ,!l"c,'0,,? arr ?'< nded to In *
'Tfntll.!.! .1 ? '? connr the dim:, m
InJXX ? t^c hiatort ?l medicine
/?***,J1' ?f .-vmiapft ill* i? rtromm'oded to br m
L?IIi?** Un ? to throw out from the bio ? 3
with all the unhealthy honor connected w,l to
at i em gybj applical, >n ol he re tedy everaallr : '
i i*.fi?e, entirely er dl alee it f.om toe ayatem T
J^JS fa perfect y I armle?e iu ita ope *ti n*. -nd may
ISfd *tll perfect aafrtjr rven to the akin 01 the lea^t
firit. Teatiinoniala of ita tllSrvcy 're daily rvcei?e'*, at
follouin< ate eelcctrd tor piibiieation, alu'lt, it ta the
will antraly the mmd ul'every eaud.d yoigou of ita ezti.
nary eirtuea:? _
Meier*. A BAD Randi?(Lat'emen, I c? rt'fy thnt ! 1 I
be?n curedof ill" Salt Hlieiun nt teu ye?r? ?t:?nUiiig. h> 'II J/
of yeue ri-me 'i and Syup uf Saraaparilla, acJ I wiah ' r
l*r*?ntr?u led with tin* dreadful diaeaae in i-ny form < )'
call on me, and I ""ill avtiafy them that ye r boIkiii
care them perfectly.
Voost, truly.
ANNA MAftTA WEtBA
rrrridrnc* 1?0 '"Mini atreit. New York, Juue J, I lid. I
144 Fulton iiffl. ?
M??tr? A ll.k I) fland?Oentlrmin. I priv*nr?d a ?
pur raluaMe r-mrdv for Suit Hlxnm an rtmntln omra 'I
ron. * h'? w t- tin it trrtrtlv ?I1I etrd with tin 'It***?* ?
hand*, an l a'lrr at pl< Ihg tti? r> mrdy a rer v ahurl am- f
1<-M thau mm t> tilli of the bo*, th? diair'd rffrrt v<u pr V
mid lh? rot. t .mottle, tincc which l?r there k<u been >t
In n ofth?.-1' n.p'aint. V ourt,re?pcclfully, I J
JOSKfri C. kTANTLEY, L *
N*w Y'.>fk. Oct. IT, 1840. It f?el.u.cy itifl
Mt*<ri Kiarni and Pcrkang?Hrvieg bran! from nn<|
fncuda at McDi.nough. thnt you had an ki.failihlr rem* P
ti t Hilt Rl ruin, I procured aunt tar 0f wifi. Sot hwr
rmbled with t"t compiaia'. flmuraii jearn and I am I
In in'or.a you Ihtt thr remedy ha? t mrely "red litr. W.
are to tap it. it ?nv ptrton i? afflicted wi'h tint wur'l?
tnmplainta.b'iy *i.d uar " Hand'# Re.nrdy foi tha Rait R;#Thr
abn-.t certificate ?u trut to tur Agmt, Rnunt P'
tine. Oalrr.l, Chm mgo eo. N Y Jj
Fnpind cn<l Mid a' whole-alt and retai'.h* A. IJV
4ao-'?. Dni;gie',7? k i"? V niton trret. N. V.t alto t?yf*5
Randall In. 77 V art fcroadwaf i Abca. 0. Sand# k tIF atf
Hroad-ay : aU? aotd by Llrrcutiet# generally through* A M
United Afli'te '|4*'
DOrUL\R MEUICIIAE.?Thorn'# Com pound EiJj '
l Cobtiha and Samrpactl V ear tain, ff-.and rweJR'P tS gal
rnnrdy nw dta?***erad for the can nf r?>rrh.w#M<J<
trieturrt, nhilet, piin# in Itte back and In n-, ft .al I"'
?r?e. aflVcaiotit of tb? kidneyt, gravel, tci rVttic eniitti??|A m
ifnereei-mmendaiion Una preparation erj .> r.t.i all .ty J W
* ila qrn'pi't'iitr form, put up in iio??, tl.r mode in wti* ' f ,
may l>t t?a*n Hri-.g both taay and pfraaaiil.itx latirlrat an A
with no rralririion ia diet or ponftnttneid fiom daily hntiB
TraecHera crpoeullv wonJd (< d thia tn'diciue 1 ift.Iy i. W
and ought i? vert i at uoarondrd with a |r.t v.iieiiro.-*
log the advantage# wbteh the wnrai tnt ( ihti. nrtl#
by J. B. Thorn, elieinivt, London ai d for lilr. vltlttilA
itail,hi* la-re? fnrnuvt (M (Jetaawieh itrrei, rvnerel tmvo:
flouillard k Wrllne, i Park Row, and #! BrnndwayVv t:
aickw ?l I Broadway nil. l?l
1 An |W ntgrrt. I*t 1 ?
iM.aoo ferat Tnaeipa do lutditg fr+m ttj
dorvan.aad frtaait ty ...... '
cAT Im M. RAD KM H Ghat ham ^
J