f - f
T IT
r Vol. VII.?Ho. 393. ~WhoU Wo. IWV1
Hew Orisons,
JCorr npoiiJeuce of the Herald ]
New C>Hi.tvi??, Dec. 22, 1841.
TSt H'eath*r and rhiuntx* in Stic Orlrant?Tiitnki
? Prttidenl't Mti'igf?Colton?Sugar? ThtaUt?
> ?lAtkt*, ^-e.
Dt in BBMOETT?
As I am under some apprehensions your corresposdent
here is neglecting you (not haying seen
My of his articles in for some tune) I now take the
liberty of dropping you a note to inform you howfwe
are all doing in thew"diggins," and ahould this be
of any interest to you, I shall promise to cotnmuni*ate<ften
First?the weather here ia now truly delightful?
f aonie'.liing like your Indian summer, but milder and
ore balmy ;and the way the clothing men have long
faces now a days, is a sin to Crockett; and should
fata -tute of things continue for a little longer, the
way torar of the above named individuals will
hurst their boilers in the spring, will be wiih a pi rfcct
rush Business in general is not so active as
was anticipated, notwithstanding it waseo late in
omrnencing in die tall; but it is the general iinpreaiion
here that a good spring business will be
done.
Although smie of our banks here have resumed
specie payments, and others making preparations,
xchar.ge on your place is getting worse. Sight
sheeks to day readily bring 7 per ceut, and good,
sixty day bills 5 per cent premium. The money ar*
^ tic|e? in the Herald are much looked after, as usual,
tad in fact it w th** <>niy commercial paper of any
account, as the Wall street prints are all nearly defancc.
Tiie President's Menage seems to have given geI
aural satisfaction lo-re, eveu among the journals
who denounced him in the most vile epithets after
his v<? to message ; and 1 think his recommendation
i only wants to be carried out to establish n good
Wind and uniform currency throughout the Union
Since the aiK ,c per the steam ship Aeadia, cot I
ton has undergone a slight decline in price, but othsrwi-e
has not tended to affect the market to any
k extent. The produce market is very dull, being
stocked with all sorts ot western stuff, but lor the
past week considerable h;:s been going forward to
the northern markets, principally to New York and
Boat m- Suga:, this season, will beyond doubt be
a eh Tt orop, but there appears to be a slight decline
w pi ice lor the last few davs. And now tnat 1 have
given yon a brief sketch of the markets and trade in
6ene.-al, a few words respecting the enjoyments
ere this season, and 1 close.
I The theatres all appeur to be well attended this
i season, and the stock good. " London Assurance"
I ~ii n.? ran* now and i-not no in banaun style.
We hsve h.td a few grand ftlts here this reason?
the principal one was- at the St Louis, which was a
truly s, lend id affair; but as it is some time past now,
I huve no doubt you received the particulars. Such
aa assemblage of beamy arid fashion are rare to be
found together as were present on the occasion, and
the wh ile performance of the evening passed oil
delightful!),and all presents, emed highly gratitied
with tii entertainment of the evening. One word
mor.* about the ladies, and 1 have done. .But, dear
tBen '.ett, if you could only see the beautiiul Creole
lfcdit* lure ia an afternoon, as they promenade
ig". street, whieh ie the Broadway of this place,
1 ?. o ( ? . ' -* ever you could be reconciled to
ia .than: Ariy rtewpiuiion I might attempt
' " whi.h 'bin place is
? , .-.ire. ist onHp.,
ih :r t y nn visa,
aw i>--- behalf
"?, < way,
- thv V , .r.. -. ok ou1
I for a wite, _ *f " v .ldustry
amiability and fortune,tr:* :? e place
I fe >' ! h ive respassed loo ma^ti ou latierce
M Jcsnu. G.
W Wsntilngton*
ICorretpontleuec of the Herald.]
K t FaSHIO.VABLK EmpOIUUm, ISO )
PoLIT'g. J4v?p HojLirTr. H-,
i "Wnnisotos, Jan. 3,18|2. J
t- r-'eviid*'* Movtmtrl.i?The Secretaries?Mania
\ get?Flirtatiun*?Soirees?and all tuck.
\\j He tt?
w that the ice hat been broken by the Presi
i laser, end the cold formality of official eir
^t iiice thawed, Vy the genereu* and general ex
Mi m of a " Hsp;^ New Year," we are toon t
ItLe round of a ittbionablc teaton.
'A moat brilliaut entertainment of the white
place te-inornw evening, at the Russia
Min,\ r'? ia Georgelorn, nhote cardt have bee
out ajtek. The weal! I, popular manuera, goo
bee ,w-.? vie.slid atatio.gpf Air. Bodisco, will al
dlrftute to character!a 'ibi* as la tovir,of ltUl
1/w It not be exclntive, aid yet all the rank, ti
|??l, bruntj aad fashion of lie country will be pr?
tent I avilations havo beta issued to all Cot
jfe? i mals who "c ir-ied'1 th? Minister, a? was dn
tim. and nil who neglected 1 tin proper and meni
d resptet, will be ueeessadly invited to stay :
home. ?Ve hope to be able to furnish you with a
( torcsi.ng and faithful di line:dion of this magnif
Mat .." i r
' Uu. .or" has spokan true in idation to tho eoi
tetnpl a. -d union of the President's daughter.Mr
Waller, a young and promising lawyer <
Biel.n>id, worth .?1(10,000 or more, leads hi
Is the altar o? the 15 h of nrxt month Th
k atrimonial inclination at the White House has si
I ?" our beaux and belles on the qui nine, and we hej
f, if l I iug n?w hut ina'ches, engagements, |o|
.er > *s, and the like. Washington has more br.ni
iy . i wealth at present in her boarding hnusei
taau < >in be found in any o her city in the Unwi
The dear creaturts unite, sigh, look soft thing
and 'he next day '< buliin gives us the history i
torn w " ease" or " cases."
The new Attorney General has fallen, we undo
Stan ', i. ?he general attack, ai loastasktd a liirle;
Wku'o w ' n salt iu an abandonment o( his furtr'-i
to gi U.e t-??Js It is said some fair being of yot
Qolb.sin sooi,sett's possessien of Ihecitadol W
won't vouch I tl.o whole truth of this store, bt
tks prfp>riiiODi nidi: by thin Carolinian in Mr
' Bell s n*nsi?i?, (l >t was,) lead vciy reasonabl
te soc'o ." iafcrenct unpurchased her splendi
est*' lishment entire, . , ?dde..l mnch rirhne'san
leg:. -;o?? s.nee his . ru|isncy, and wc appn
head ' st bat few months 4j foj| by before one
" beUs* half ' is tound deain. out ho.pitable fi
fori
Th.' not eh admired daughter Mri Eaton, b
her first'' lord and master, has ?TN #mlltpn S01B
Christian of the nineteenth cenlur., >nJ he
H ahe, they NT. soon also go mo way m. . ....
^M dar.gh'crs of the late Secretary of llwj, '
ha? mmed the wit. of half rur communif/
aaa.ru ,r.t and singular gender. What may1
r*? . ' PrarMsaM bs ?t kn 'ws. for tlio~a- are c
*' <Dg time* One of the moat finished ;
H Byiui t .f Tf>-?r New York widows, "full
ii also here?nut for matrimony, the ss
H A^wfcp^Mr frois wcr ;
9PffiaTHlk*"|aingii since at the West Knd I
K, a lant, n"lw hearted and esteemed yoi
Mst'i.nrr well acquainted here, and somew
celebrated for his touching appeals to wittii
kind' sympathy s. is likely ( > carry i il the pr
against tome twenty veteran competitors.
I . talk of this matter in the r'ite circles confn
MA sfrou Vy onr ojnnisin ot its truth?of ourselves
MM aan * ancenothing, not knowing, hut ImTing ?
n lee These southerners are playing the d?
aad ?' en Tied by eTrry aspirant in the capital
Wisi. t'n \v would all get married, and then a fel
aatgh' h ire a ahance t ply an nai for him*'
Vatil they are rid of, we must stand aside.
Tl'.C lorely daughter of l'ostmastercx-f irn
Orao er is on the ground, with all her nrtill
and already has eommenccd asevereand dan re
MUmonade. The dead and wioiaded were n-.
ported al the last a<irices Miss D , of L
sian*. is the " observed of all observers'?ani
ad, bcasliful, kind, and affeetionste. Lord pre
aa i . this trying emergency ' A bevy of widi
asaidr :?s, &e ?-? hoi ting forth nightly at !
Peyton's and Miss Polk's. The still eelebr
Mrs I'iorida W is at the latter, drawing
meii.e crowds. You may look out for at Icaat
bun ir'd marriages this winter in Washington
ther* hears business fora place wi'.h twenty t
aand inhabitants.
Yon wid hear from me again in a day or
-With a full renew of the fashionable misses o
asp-'iniu, scandal, roisip. chit chat, tible
Itc
A Tniist
E NE
NI
Philadelphia.
l"*;orr?*potjJ?-tice of Ilie HernlJ.J
i'llll ADEI.JMUA, JB1I. INZ.
The Indictment*?State I)thlt?Governor Porter'
Mtssage?Jit in Advance?Mr. Huchitiuin
$rc.
M? Bmsett?
The recent excitement in relation to the Unitei
States Bank?its late ollicers, and the conduct, ma
nagement, and intrigue of the wire-workers behim
the scene, who, the better to enable them to plan
tier, and appropriate the remaining funds of the de
funct institution, and who kept up the cry of "sto|
thief,'* that in the melee between some of theshorl
sighted stockholders and a few of the late oflicer
they had selected for scape-goats, others, thei
friends and relatives' reputation might be screened
and their retreat with the spoils thus covered and se
cured, has given place, as in the ordinary course c
human events, he had reason to suppose it would
to a thousand more productive and equally inllama
tory sufj-cts or wonders, among which, and perhr.p
the most prominent, is the State debt.
In relation to the debt and the resumption by th<
banks, with s >me minor nutters, a meeting wa
hehl in the State House, corner of Sixth and dies
nut streets, on Thursday night last. There the spec
lator might have seen the able, high-minded am
honorable statesman, contending for the integrity o
the State?that her plighted faith should he heli
sacred and inviolate; and that, too, in a way lies
calculated to convince the thoughtless, inrxperiencei
and rash, of the folly, if not dishonesty, of a Stati
playing the part of a fraudulent insolvent, ar.i
pledging the honor and fidelity of the people to thei
representatives, to sustain tlieni in that only nones
course, which thuy can possibly adopt?nye ; ani
there might hare been seen, contending thus, th*s
who, in every hour of our States' trial and trouble
come with gigantic intellect, coupled with long am
hard earned experience, to the rescue, and have, ii
many an emergency, uuited in rescuing the Demo
cratic party and the State from threatened ruin
while, on the other hand, it wa9 lamentable to ob
serve some well meaning young men, in the general
but who are without much experience?at.d, indeed
who could by no possibility have much knowledge
of the great and momentous concerns ot the Statetalking
loudly, reading, and contending for reaolu
lions, which, from my knowledge of the young men
who tire really clever fellows in the main, upon i
little reflection they must hereafter blush to read I
will give you one of the resolutions?it is us fol
lows:?
And we do further
Declare and Resolve, That it is the duty of the Legists
tare, at the ?artist possible period of its s< ssiun, to inak
provision for the payment, out of the money in thetrei
sury, of all persons to whom the Commonwealth is ir
debtcd for manual labor, and then immediately to pas
over to Commisaionera, Trustees, or Assignees, all th
property ol' the Commonwealth, reaerviug such only a
is absolutely essuntial to the transaction of the legitimat
business of government, aud to provide ier the equal dii
tributionof the proceeds of such property among the s
called stata creditors, in proportion to their reapectir
claims ; and to provide further, that all claims again!
the State, existing prior to such transfer, shall be claim
only upon the fund in the hands of said Trusted, Con
missioners or Assiguees.
! Fur'her comment is unnecessary ; but we ndi
without intending oflenee to those young gentleniei
[ that it would be "better far, and safer, for the yout
of the country to take counsel from the aged an
! experienced statesmen of the land, than themselvi
to turn counsellors. They have time enough to b
' great, provided they have the material, and the
may be assured the people will in time find it out,
they do not,by early improvident actions like the6i
darii up the road that leads to honest prefermen
For what stranger could rem! such resolutions, an
believe the men concerned honest 1 Those wb
own real estate among us are willing to be taxed, i
r-ecue the honor of our once proud an<1 happy con
monwealth.
The sentiments of our people'will be given by il
Governor in his message to our Legislature, whir
assembles on Tuesday next, at Harrtshurg, the se
of government. Hieopinions were known and pu
li: hed to the world long before the late eleetio
* when lie received more than one hundred and thirt
five thousand of hid fellow citizens' votes, and tl
. almost unequalled majority in our State, of twent
three thousand and upwards. From hisknswn pri
n ciplee, as well as froin what we have heard froi
"riends recently returned from Marrisburg, we hu>
r reason to believe that his recommendation in rel
lion to banks in the commonwealth, will strike
11 the root of the corrupt syst-m ; and that a thorout
" revision and change of the plan upon which our pu
d lie improvements are conducted, and the introdu
II tion of tin most economical rt form in all thin
irill he by him most earne-tly pressed ; and in tl
" place of appropriations of the public funds for at
i* purpose that can be avoided, supgestinris as to tl
establishment of a dry dock in Philadelphia, an
tioaal foundry in the State, Arc. Arc., that we mi
thus retrench expenses and increase our revenue.
c The State has reason to b? proud of David R. P<
t- t? r, as its Governor. Few men could have pilot*
the old ship Pennsylvania thus far in safety throuj
the breakers.
. A word or two about Mr. Buchanan ; and ns n
i" letter is longer thun 1 first intended, for the present
mut content myself with a tew rematks, that sh
j. be worthy the consideration o( vour correspoudei
A Peue.sylvanian, or Penn, and I promise him n
? to travel so wide of the tnurk as he did, but will gi
of him plain food for his digestion. 1 cannot here i
>r frain from wishing Mr. B. a more judicious pan
i gvrist But pray sir, or sirs, if you prefer it, if X
" B is so great a democrat and patriot; has been
8t well tried, allow me to ask, who was the rank fed
ir ral leader in our Legislature a few years agol .\1
0 Buchanan. Who'represented that hot bed of ft]
i- rali-m. Lancaster county, and was the Fedei
?, leader in Congres up to lh24 ? Mr. Buchana
j. And when was he loiind nbandnning his Fedei
i, friends, and attaching himself to General Jackson
if in the first canvass ! No, never, until he found ft
public opinion, like a mighty torrent, wasaweepii
r- ?very thing before it in favor of General JHckw
y, did he cecedc from his Federal favorite. And no
l? t income home to State affairs, the guhernatori
ir elections for some few years back. In the canvs
c between Snyder and Rosh, where was he ? Adv
it rating the cause of the Federalist Rosa. In that
i. I leister and Fin!?-y ? Willi I l? i?-ter the Fedcrali
y With Sh'ihz and Gregg 1 In his old quarters, to I
id sun , with Gregg the Federalist, ever, even up to th
id late period, was he a rank, uncompromising Fe
s- eralist Ami in the struggle which the Democrat
i? p <rty encouutnred" in our State hut six years ag
a- when that unfortunate and ever to be regretted dif
culty ancc about Muhlenburg and Wolf, which I
iy i*< th.it poor old inefficient whig and Federals
ie Joseph Ritner, who w.is surrounded by as gre
d a pack of knaves and vilian* as ever tutneu the pt
ic a- uce of ?o Executive officer,of which we have sine
y is we had at the time, th?* most irrefragable prot
ie and to whom and whose abandoned and ruckle s p
ir It t* alone,the Stat.- n?w owes its present degredati
1 ai d financial difficulties I say, where was Mr.
'. then? Manfully _and bnldly contending for the go
iV> j< the cause ? N* )?he esteemed both Mr Muhle
,ny :r?ana woir, a neutrai policy was tor his ov
0 f 'hat "} the State was loai ^i^ht of all
, j <;| New, rnead PeoMftvMM. fcr lb? pkm
hat aomr ijve of you, and apprehend that these who
in'a vou in arleast h.tve a tendency to cauti
\:e, la.tli, everf in us** of language,as wr|] as go
The 7.-a? 1 thinfc? owes the truth to his fellow ci
George M. L)aflt?y "?fe|y.MJt that the Honorat
wc ail his life d. votrTk,e Minuter to Russia, who h
ieen ty, and who is even talenia to the democratic pi
itiI, at the meming on 'Dot? the foremost, as he w
I State in every sirui/glHay night l ist, to aid t
law auch men aa David R. Pof unite his efforts, wi
!f._ hia Attorney General, in *nwnd Ovid F. J'>hn?<
and her credit, will lose uoi.hr State, her hon
ral with Mr. Buchanan. You have'by a coinpans
ery, from u?, and we close by saying thrted these fat
roua let Ret warm in his democratic a^. B had b
trn a-ks from the democratic party the rl before
,oui- We wonder if his wann friends had noHrncy
mat- suit Lord Chesterfield, aud learn a little niutr re
iteet polite uo*. a
?ws, Hajhlt
Mr*.
atad li ailsovd Inos?Six ship loads of iron rai
im- mat p?rt ot the Baltimore and Ohio Railroac
.two tending from Harper's Terry to Cumberland,
-ra- reached this port from 'tT- at Britain, forming t
hou- greg^te oi 2H53 tons. Tnin is about one-third i
entire ipiantny contracted for. The rails are
two. Iiesv* and substantial, and will f?rm a road <
f the very beat kind- Th" rotd willbe completed
tain, a- lianeock du-ring the apprss'hing spr;;ig s<
and n il1 be ope? to Cimuedand in the fall.ry.
Am tkua.
W YO
:w YORK, THURSDAY M
City Intelligence.
Biiticu or Thust oh Embkzzlcmkit.?A man
named John H. Bailey, waa entrusted on the
? 22d ot December last, with the num of $100, to de,
liver to Messrs. V. Everett Sc. Co. of this city. The
money belonged to Charles T. Shipmnn, of N<*wuk.N.
J., who bad delivered it to Mr. Ira Quo
j field, ol Orange, N.J. He having confidence in
Dailey, who was coming to tilt* city, give it to him
j to deliveru3directed. A few d iys since it was ascertnined
that Bally had not paid over the money,
and presuming it had been appropriated to his own
p use, hi'was arrested yesterday, by officers .Sweet
and Walker, and committed in default of bail,
s Case or Jane Aw* Tool-?Willaui Roberts, one
r of the boys chirked with committing a rape on Jane
> Ann Tool, in July l ist, was arraigned for trial yesterday,
at Jersey city. The result will be given lo>f
morrow.
' JnisT Dallot.?The Common Council met last
evening injoiut ballot, but the democratic caucus
** not having decided who should be Collector of ilieSi
x: li ward, in place of John Layden, who has I tiled
to produce security, there was no quorum, and
the President adjourned the meeting until the first
Wednesday of next month- John McGruth, corner
j of Anthony and Centre streets stands the highest in
j. caucus lor the office of Collector.
Akrest or ltiscapes Pmsoheiis.?Trhough the end
ergetic movements of James H. Kuckel, Esq the
t Deputy Keeper of lliaekwell's I-land, three prisonJ
ers who ImJ escaped fro.n confinement w. re arrested
during the past few davs. Thomas Meary,
*" commonly called/'pegged leg Tom," on account of
I his having one wooden stump, who escaped on
r Monday night last in company with two other pn;t
sonr rs, by st' aling the terry boat, was arrested on
' Tuesday night in n cellar in Front street. James
^ l.oclitnun and William Nelsen were caught on
e Tuesday night, one at the Points, and the oilier 111
Anthony street. Lochman escaped on the 3d of JuIv
last, by stealing the milk man's boat that supplies
the island, and Netson succeeded in getting away on
II Friday night, by raising lus cell door froin the hinges
nnd bv the means of ropes, succeeded in climbing
into the upper part of the building, and then, low'
ering hinuelf down, made off. After reaching the
shore he threw a small carpenter's bench into tlie
. river ihnt lie had brought with him. and floating
' upon it, he escaped to.this city.
A Lover Robbed ?A man named John McCari
thy, while in the act of paying: his vows of love and
,, adoration to one Mary Aun Ward, known as the
i Queen of Walnut street, commonly termed " the
Hook," had his pockets relieved of $16,50. Ofli[.
cer King took the Queen in custody, ana had her
committed to answer.
Tvi.er & Co 'a Butter Fouhd.?A colored man,
' named James Jones, was brought to the Lower
e Police yesterday, on suspicion of having stolen a
? firkin of batter marked "Tyler tc Co.," in red
'j chalk. If the owner does not call for it, the butter
e will melt, and the rogue will escape punishment.
8 Petit Thieves ?A man named John Whalan,
e was arrested yesterday at the Catharitie Market, by
Abraham Simoiison, for stenling a small quantity of
? beef from a butcher?Committed Michael King,
,t for stealing three pairs of cotton gloves from Jacob
it Hutsohler, No 92 Catharine street, was locked up
i- A Mai* Miasism ?A ntan named George McFall,
who hasbeeen recently engaged as a coachman for
I Mrs. Wright, Leroy Place, has been missing since
Sundav morning last. Any information relative to
h him left wiih his distressed family, at No. 133 Stand
ton street, will be thankfully received.
!S Collar Bovk Broke*.?A man named Jacob
r Kiever, a German, was arrested yesterday for com/.
mittins a violent aasault and battery on another t ler"
man named John B. Geiler, on Saturday night last,
breaking his collar hone and committing a number
of other injuries on his person, lie was committed
1(1 at the Upper Police. The assault took place at 1(17
10 Pitt street, where Kiever resides
,, Joint Smith* aoaii*.?Two of this name were r.rrested
on Tuesday night, for disturbing the public
ie peace. The family has become so numerous that
,j, we frequently see them registered on the watch re
1, turns?John Smith, No. 1?John Smith, No. 1 ?
I,. John Smith, No. 3.
n. A* OwtER is wanted fur a small gold detached
y- lever watch, supposed to have been stolen It is in
i the hands of officer Halhwaite, of the Lower Police
y office.
n" Tiik Stabbiwo Ct*f ? August Cnnten, who wtab1,1
bed t^iplirin Sing on Monday night last in the left
,e breast, in Broome street, was examined yesterday
A" b fore Justice Taylor, of the Upper Police, and
, fully committed for trial He admitted that lie
; dr? w a knife at the time, but Mated that it was in
pelf defence, lie having been struck first by some
c" one in company with Sing The physician uttend^
ing Sing, informed us that with go?sd care he might
,e recover from the wound, although it wa.- of a dangerocs
nature.
^ Thomas Toertw, who bo brutally murdered his
lv wife Elizabeth, in Orange street, on New Year's
_ day, was brought from prison yesterday for exami,r.
nation, before Justice Parker. Hepresenleda mlp(j
len dogged aspeet, and, by the advice of his counsel.
relined to answer any questions put to him, and
was committed for trial An attempt will be nude,
lv we understand, to show that h'1 whs laboring unt
| der lunacy st the time he committed the di ed
all Cast, or Patrick Wood?This man, who has, in
it. all probability, cattstd the hourly expected death of
lot John MeM-tin, by striking him with a shovel on
ve th? head, on the night of lb-2Ph ult., was u!so
re- partially examined yesterday before Justice Taylor,
ie- of the Upper Police office Two miserable lo< king
fr. wretches, named Patrick McHowan and Michael
so McLoughlin, who lodge in the same house No. 21^
le- Orange street, were also brought up on a carina
Ir. witnesses They testified to the commission ot the
|e- deed hy Wood, as before published, and were com
al mit'ej as vagrants. Win. Neal?a, who occupies
n the store on the premiss where the circumstance
al took place, s'ated that he requested two watchmen
? to take McMorin to the watchhouse in the Tombs,
at ou the night he w is injuted, itt order to allow hun
ig to make his complaint. He was so taken, but no
n, action was made on the part ot the captain of the
w watch or his a.-* slants to secur-' W,,od, and liad it
al notb n lor the energy of Mr M llik-n, the Deputy
,te Coroner, he would, in all probability, have escaped.
o Dr. James Hyttlopl who has attended McMorin
of in the temporary absence of Dr. VAclte, who has
st. been confined to his bou " from sickness, testified
be that tic recovery of McMorin i? scarcely posibD,
at convulsions having taken place, they being pr> mod
nitory symptoms of death in his peculiar cajic
Wood was rem inded for further examination. He
o, is about fifty years of age, and heart a most repulli
si ve and malignant expreisuon of luce.
|ct ~~ ?.
,1 Court Oyer nnrt Terminer*
at Before Judge Kent, an I Aid Purdy and Lee.
r* The trial" of Sally Ann Robk, for fatrieide, and
ft of Sophia Piithast, for araon in the firtt degree, had
d, been tet dawn for to-day, but ?ni motion of eounlo"
tel. they were postponed, ibe latter to Tuesday
nn next, and the fo mer to Thursday
The case of Junes ( tfrJon Ucnnett, fer libel, nan
"d postponed to Atth intt.
n- ______
vn u. 8. Circuit Court.
Before Judges Thompson and Hetts.
. Dtertios*.
Jaw. 5.? I'atrtrk Maranlfw v?. Fdirard ( iwh? ?
0IJ Judgmant for plaintiff.
? R'J?rt Buchanan vs'. F.van (irijfilh, CharUt Raift
j1' and other* ?Judgment for plaintiffs.
ll'tUiam // Allrn vs. J<ma Oodfrry Jr., Hcirkiah
/Mi-is rt al*?Judgment for plaintiffs, with leave to
' the defendant to withdraw his demurrer and plead.
JitmtnK I) Ii+Mrm va Anlh /_ Pi trtrh ?Mtitinn
.*jr made fey defendant for a new trial denied.
1 " Steamboat /'inn? ad*, fstrn;: Rate*, appellant.?
,n? De<reeof the Diet net Court affirmed, with coat*.
If,r Auf(u?tui Zenega ada. '/Tie United Slatti.?Cc.m""
plainant* bill of complaint ditmified.
:tH IV. Micbael and Jan. Fojrrafl re. Tht Sthnonrr
?' Catherine.? Decree again at the aehonner be amendea
*0 a* to allow payment ?f amoaat due patition'
era.
"l". Fdmnrnl flunk* r* flrnj J hnnpp.?Motion by
acl defendant for a new trial denied.
1 y Y [a\fe /nnurancr JJ- Tiwl Co. *?. H f'oiojtfrlktraUr
and J IV Jjord-? Motion of defendant
la fot?,r | new trial denied.
' ?*" *??< Hmit ad*. Alex. Rankin ami other*.?Judgnare
' for defendant.
in ag- ann ^i/ .V. Farrell and other* t?. ffeo Randal
of the event, pfew trial granted. Coat* to abide the
aery /Tie I B
?' 'J?* SrrOr ?- j, Error ad? Joel Stone, pluintijf i*
a# Ur 77mm. of the District Court affirmed
pajrr, ads TV f ?? 1rc
-Bed:, good* to be 5i? of Pi.triet Coart affirmed
Jt??*- to elaimaata on p?ym- nt ol
R K I
ORNING, JANUARY (5 1
Sthili ('an />u:er, l'Liinl\ffinE. tor v?. 'JVir I S
dtfendant in Error?Judgment of the District
Court reversed, and a citare dr n >vo awarded
The ll'il, Henry Hoot! ad? (iulf on /lowland ami
(rilbti t Hoicland, appellant*.?Judgment of District
Court alhriucd.
Jo.net Perciral, appellant, v* the Hail: While Oak.
?Judgment of District Court atliruied; cost* of
appeal to be paid by the apprllarit.
Jhe United State* ?? Edxrartl Clarke?l'risouer
to pay a fine of > on the charge of mutiny, and
stauj committed until paid. Second count overruled.
The I'ntted Slate? v? Jackson?Prisoner
disobarged uprn bin own recognizance to appear
next term, aud aumver to the charge of larcen)
General e>it wmIoiim.
Before the Recorder, .Judge* Lynch and Noah, and
Aldermen lime* and Tiuipson
Jen. 5?Wm. Shamr, Hsu- appeared us acting
District Attorney.
Trial for A.vault and B illery ?A man named Richard
Leaycralt was tried for an alleged assault and
battery on a Polatider na.iied Scbene*key, or a* t he
Police Clerk has/'anglicised" i , William Stafford
On evidence it up|Hurcd that the l'ulander w a* a
littlaif roggv, that ...caycraft and In* brother Daniel,
who war tvi'h him, wn< aim partiy corued?that
they hud a dispute at a porte r hoiuc, during which
the Polandcr was struck and stabbed by somebody;
that the defendant endeavored to prevent difficulty,
and that the PoLnder commenced the assault. The
jury, therefore, returned a verdi: i of not guilty.
Assault and Bat:try.?A man nam ad James Wi!sou
pi uded gmltv to au isdictincut for an assault
and buttery on .Mrs. Catbariu McCnpping.
Sentenced.?A black man named Noali Selhy, aho
was conviotcd at the November term of the Court
of a petit larceny, for robbing the ollicc of Messrs.
Rawdon, Wright 4t Co of in tuoney, was sen
traced to be confi cd in tire Penitentiary lor six
months Selby bad etcuped.bnt w as arrested a few
days since on a bench warrant.
Forfeit id llerognizanca ?The following persons
J not appearing,!heir recognizance* wereforfeited:?
Eti?? J Silvester, for disposing of three fraudulent
lottery tickets, purporting to he those of a " Grand
Lottery of Real Estate," to be drawn ut Jacksonville,
Florida. These tickets were sold to Kobcit
.Montgomery of this city for .*j'60 in November la*t.
The bail was fixed ut $500.
Silling l.ottiry Poliriis ? Benjamin C. Woods,
who was indicted for nelliug Lottery Policies termed
''Gigs" in November lu*t, not appearing to answer
the indictment,bis recognizance for $5<N) was
forfeited.
A ult and Batteries.?Daniel Leaycraft for an
assau. and batteuy on a Polauder named Scheneskey
or Stafford. William Wilson, for assaulting
James Grace on the 1st of November. Peter teuton,
for violently ass lulling John L. Mott. Napoleon
Brunei, Clement Boermnnger, and Henry Hutrand,
for assaulting Leonard Ellsworth, of the Marshall
llousn.
Petit fMtreny?William Reed for stealing a sow
from Thomas Golan.
Cast of the JLirkmrn.? In the case of the six
hackmen arrested on the 1st. of September last, for
committing a riot at the foot of lieckman street, on
the wharf near the steamboat New Haven, the recognisances
wereforfeited?each being $400.
The Court hero adjourned to 11 o'clock this
morning.
Court of Common Plea*.
Before Judge Ulshoeffer.
Janrin. Coolrdgt?In this case, being an action for
slander, reported yesterday,the jury gave a verdict in
favoi of plaintiff lor $46 damages and sis cents costs.
Court Caleailns-?Ttila Day.
CmcriT CotrnrNoi. 43}, 66,61, 13,91, 10, 3. 63, 64,66,
66, 67, 67}, 68,90, 70, 71,73, 74.76, 76.
Cooht ok Cosmos Pleas?Nos.'14, '18,313, 16, 34, 36
39,40.41.43,44,10,31.
From Saute Ke.
captriie ?r tub Teiab Kxpeditio* oonfibmED?IHDIONITT
TO THE AMKHICAX CONitTL
ASD THE RESIDENT AMERICANS IN SANTA FB !
The mail from the west arrived yesterday evening,
avt brings painful intelligence from >aula 1'e,
and news confirmatory oftbe capture of the Texan
expedition. The recital of the treatment shown
the American citizens, will rouse the blood of every
one, and call* for revenge.
Independence, 1)<c 16,1841
Messhs Kditokb?We have uews aeain fr. m
the West, but of a melancholy na'ure Signor Al
varez.niir American Consul in New Mexico, with
five or six other gentlemen, arrived here the day
before yesterday, after a tedious tiip of 50 days
from Santa Fc. They were much annoyed with
cold weather and snow, throughout nearly the
whole route. The company consisted of 12 or 15
when they left .Mexico; five of these separated
from the party about 300 miles from here, and took
a more southern route to avoid the cold Ofthe
rest, one, a German from this neighbourhood, was
frozen to death; three others are at Cotton Wood
Fork, one so much frozen tha: he cannot trn vol,
one sick, and the third compelled te remain and
keep the two from starvation. Tlic> had some
mules left in their possession by Mr Alvarez and
his friends, liable at anr moment, though, to Lie deprived
of all by the Ind ant around. Assistance
i* in ( it frnrti horn immnrlititnlv* irhntluip it
is timely or not, wc cannot toll. The storm tliey
encountered was very violent, and the snow fell
to the depth of twro or three feet?it was much
drifted in places, ?o that it was almost impossible
to travel. The fivu who loft the main party, haviing
to pass over a prairie country altogether
(where no fuel can be procured) it is supposed
they perished. This, however, bears no comparison
to what follows The Texans, on the I6(h
Ocy'., arrived in Smta FV, in much worse circumstances
than could ever barn been imagined?they
are all captured, hound, and sent as prisoners to
the city of Mexico. The causes and attendant
circumstances, ms given by oar informants, are
these
The deputation, on their arrival near Santa Fe,
were divided into three par irs ? ene under the
command of Howland; another under Cook, the
Comrai-?ary Central from Texas; and the other
under Mcl.eodor Load, the Commander in-Chief
(a very inefficient man, and, withal, a lop). Whin
near the place of destination, Ilowlanrl, with two
more, were sent in advance as spies, to ascertain
the disposition of the Mexicans towards them
Not andcrstanding the nature of their embassy sufficiently,
and from their contradictory statements
concerning the place from whence they hailed,
they were stripped and ordered not to leave the
hounds. In the mean time they mud>< their escape,
bnt after travelling Ave days, and only progressing
fifty miles, ih?y were taken by some shepherds,
brought in and snot. Seven more from the
company were again sent in?among them was
Kendall, the editor of the Picayuae; a son of Leslie
<'ombs, of Ky; and a Mr Lewis ?they had in
theirpnssession the Constitution and Laws ofTexas,
the American passports, A.c ,o( Kendall and others
On their way in, they were taken prisoners by a
Captain of the mil tia, and marched out before the
presented nuns of the company to be shot; hythe
entreaties of the prisoner* and other*, the Captain,
howevrr, disobeyed orders, and took them to the
Governor. Shortly after, seventy more, and then
the whole nnmber of the Texan* were surrounded
and taken, Cook being the only one desiron* of
making the least resistance. Their fate i* wretched
in the extreme. That day they war* stripped of
nearly all their clothing, deprived of their shoes,
hand cuffed, and started on foot 2,000 miles to the
city of Mexico, with order* from the Gorernor,
that each man, i * he gave out, must be speared or
hxyonetted, and left on tho road side. They had
g me 30 miles fromSsnta Fe ftrhrn these men left),
and three of the number were already slain in ohc
diennetothe order, Lewis, it is thought, by hi*
knowledge of the Spanish language, worming him
self in and becoming.* favorite with tho Governor
proreil tiaitoroas, and informed him of the distracted
and destitute situation of the company?
hence the disregard paid to the Constitution and
Laws of Texas, and especially the passports rf
Kendall and the other Americans (of which they
made a bonfire in the public square). The resident
Americans attempted to get Kendall and bis companions
releaaed, and sent thrm some clothing, hut
did not succeed; and in all probability, the
clothing never reached them It seems to have
bean reqowed by tho Texan Government, that tha
company should not fight if thay nnuld possibly
avoid it, but merely publish the Constitu'ion and
Laws, make some arrnngi rrent* about trade, and
return home Had there not been unv prevarication
in the statement* of HowlnnJ, ana if the real
had made any show rf re?i*'nnee, they wr nld havn
f taken entire possession ofthe country immediately,
i The Governor was snrpr.scd at their situation, supposing
th-m to b? courageous, united, rind plcntii
fully supplied w ith proviso ns. All is hnh hng in
Santa Fe. The Americana are ordered not to leave
\ lh? town?the good* of tome of them a'e confiscated,
and their lives endangered evsry hour f
C'ha's Beet, with others, was in eu?' but re
leased} Gidd'tUgi'/poda taken from hiva; tome of
r re a
a. jlj a *4. ...
848,
Rowland's taken also Siguor Alv er Z >va< shamefully
t rated, ordeted to reir.a n in tin; linn s f the
town, and assassination attempted by ihu rabble;
but he Unobeyed, and ata-t <i for thin place iniine.
diatrly. 1 have been thus particular, knowing that
if you had not heard previously, you w uld be
very anxious io leirn all the etrcuiusancea You
may rely upon the veracity of the se men, and the
correctness rf the aiatemauts in the main; eoiae
slight vaiaticn may occur in the detail- After a
respite of a few day a, the gent'etnen will be in your
ci y on their way eastward, when you can learn
all more connect' dlv. minutely, and it.nch more
! .in 1 ronvrv n th.a sheet.
It i? rumored that twelve or fifteen Delaware
and I'o'.tawa'oiah- Indians lately attack d a party nf
Sioux, in one of their hunting excu:*ious, and
wero all killed except one, who reuined to tell
t e mournful tale. The Umuxs numbered from 1100
to I'*.
Ntt.tr. Inret.t.iGENCK?Gknehai. Order-?Whcnrver
nn officer vhctlI be urreelcd on a torcign station,
it shall he the ditty of lite Cominander-iu Chi< I ol
the tetion to order h Court for li s trial, n* soon a<
possible after he shall be notified of th? arrest; and
this lie shall not refuse nor delay, except lor imperative
reasons, connected with the public service. It
such imperative reasons shall exist, so that a Court
Martini cannot he detatltd, and actually set tor the
trial of the accused, his arrest may continue for thirty
day-after the Cnmweeder in Choi it the station
shall be notified thereof, and no linger; and the
at cosed shall then be returned to duty, unit ss for
sufficient reasons, the Commander-in-Chief shell
otherwise direct; hut he shall he again arrested and
shall be tried as soon as the condition of the service
will admit of it. No officer arrested on a foreign
station, shall he confined to Ins room, nor restrained
frcin the proper use of uny part ol the ship, in
which, before his arrest, he had a right to be, except
the quarter deck; unless such restraint be tieo
-ss.ry for the safety of the ship orttie preservation
nf good order and discijvline; and even in that case
It- shall be 110 tart her restrained than shall be tienecessary.
Iowa.?The message of Governor Chambers to
the Legislative Assembly of Iowa was delivered on
the Nth ult. The admission of the Territory into
the Union, as a State, is referred to as presenting a
question of paramount importance, unit one that
calls tor a speedy determination. The subject having
been referred to the people some time ago, the
result showed an untvilliugnesson the part o! a considerable
majority to take upon themselves, at that
HUM', me mines UI1U iw- <11 amair diluent.
The recent legislation of Congress, however,
in relation to the future di.-posal of the public
lauds, gives to the question a new aspect, and it is
recommended that it be agam submitted to the people,
so that their representatives at the next legislative
session may be enabled to act upon this important
matter in conformity to the public wishes.
The obstructions in the way of a safe navigation
of the Mississippi, particularly between the Dcs
Moines and the Rock Island Rapids, arc such as to
interfere very injuriously with tiie trade of the Ter
ritory. So serious are these impediments that the
expenses of navigation for that portion of thu ri ver
are from one to three hundred per cent above the
amount usually paid between New Orleans and St
Louis The annual loss of property is also very
great. The aid of Congress it is believed may be
asked with propiiety for the removal of these obstruction*.
There is an unsettled question of boundary between
the Territory offowa and the Slate of Missouri.
Our readers may recollect that, some two
years ago, a difficulty arose from this source which
threatened, for a while, to produce serious consequences,
on account of the belligerent propensities
of the disputing parties. It now appsars that a rational
mode of settling the question has been suggested
by Coventor Reynolds of Missouri, who
proposes that an agreed case, as t? facts, be made
up and submitted to the Supreme Court of the U.
States. Governor Chambers,iu his reply to this proposition,
suggests a doubt whether the Territorial
Government of Iowa is competent to stand as a party
in such a case, since the Territory is subject to the
legislation of Congress The amicable s, irit manifested
on both sides indicates, however, that a sa
tisfactory adjustment ol the difficulty may be liad in
due time.
Wisconsin?The message of Gov. Doty was delivered
on the 81I1 inst at Madison, and embraces
the usual topics. His Excellency recommends
that the farther prosecution of the Mil watikiu and
Rock River canal cease at once, tbe pr*j et being
quite impracticable and an onerous burthen to the
people.
It is estimated that Wisconsin has this year, pro.
duced overtweutv millions of pounds of lead and
that the receipts from the sale of lands?within the
Territory during the same period?were equal to
$331,286. This is the average for tbe past three
years.
There being no hanks within the Territory, the
Governor congratulates his constituents that the
only persons complaining and likely to sutler Prom
the'financial int. rruptions, aro the brokers, against
whom hi* Excellency aims his shaft instead of the
defunct institutions.
The soil, climate and geographical characteristics
of Wisconsin, the Governor thinks are peculiarly
adapted to (he culture of sheep, and for encouraging
the grow th of wool. For this purpose
he recommend* that a law be passed to exempt all
sheep and their fleeces from taxation for a term of
years; and such other provisions a* are renuired,
that wool may soon become one of the staple productions
of the Territory. This is particularly a
feature worthy of Wisconsin. It is admitted that
sheep fed upon high praries, iucrease in size and
improve in health, and that their fleeces are more
weighty than those of theep which are confined to
the pastures of the eastern and middle States. Tbe
extensive and rich praries of the Wisconsin river
and of its branches, and upon which there is now
no prospectof settlements, may, if the proper encouragement
is given, bo made capable of supply
ing All 01 me nianuiaeiones 01 wooncii giwus m
the United States with wool.
As nearly all the products of the weft have to
seek)"! eastern market, it should be the policy to
rai?e co^tlj commodities, as the expense of trans
portation is equal in every respect. A pound of
flour, wheat or pork, which is ?uly worth two or
three cents, eo-ts as much to get it to market as so
much silk or wool, worth fifty cents the pound,and
generally is as easily converted into cash.
LvreirrROM Havava ?We have received ndvices
to ilie Iftoi ult. We notice in the papers an order
for tile ?.i|e uf the chttrrhee, public ??piafe?, Ac
to rni-e rnon<-y for the Sp-niish overnment to pay
; her sir bt to < ir? ut Ilritain.
The market ia quite dull for American produce.
I There i- some activity just now in Ireighis, but a*
the holidays are approaching, it w ill prooahly c? me.
There are thirty-one chips and barques, sixty-one
briii", and a large number of smaller craft, in port
There have been 12*111 b ,en an -ir exported
from this port eince the iir?t of January, up lo date.
Dunnethe same time, bbl !>72 arrobt eull -e, and
43,2lti hhds aitdassea have hera s xpoi: .|,
I'roin Mutttii/.a". I learn287,715 bov^Miger. Is? ?.3l7i
arrobes roller, and 55 58l'j hlisl ninlau.es,
have been exported Irom first January ol iff prerent
year, to the 15 ii inst.
Aiihf.st or a Fioitivi from Justifx.?High
Constable Hoffoer and officer VVerthyme, on Saturday,
arrested in this citv, sn eldsirlv Frenchman
lamed Fi'derick \V. 11 Drox, who is charged
With having, some months ago, robbed a jew< try
establishment in New York city, in company w.th
another tti an, of t hi risen silver Swiss watches ?d
two musical b< xes, ihe whole of I lie value of ?225
or upward*. I)m/ was hr nght before K?corder
V?ux, who sent him to the Miiyamen-itig tombs in
del-mlt of $3000 bml, to await the requisition of
the-authorities < f New York Thepiunner is a
watch maker by trade ? I'hii idrlphut Tinm
Sitiidis is Casaoa?The quantity of snow in
the vicinity of tguebec is n-w between eighteen
inches and two f?et on a I Tel. where it has not
drifted On the 21th the thermometer was down
te 5 degrees below rero. On the 25 h the i?e mi
the St Lawrence stopped ut Curouge, bnt it has
si e? moved up with the tula The temperature is
become m- derate to day?th^ thermometer 20 degrees.
The winter roads ure now good, and may
be k pt sator Kome time, with a little att ntion and
at a tin ill to-tj the Isst-all of saow hating bin
moist, to that the whole body of it will not he
moved hy th.- pr- valent winds.?iiittlU,
5t7/'i ultFkf.5i.h
liktvt ?A drvj'oods firm, fhrmerlyof
the < ity of New York, who have i?ei n driving an
exie isive borrow ing 'r ide d ring the fa||( decamped
last n gh's leaving their late premises on Maine
street, as empty as Hania Claus* pnn?i? r* on the
morning after the ruining in of the New Year ?
Work for the herifl'.?fluffalu Com lift 30
I l>otr, hit laeent ???? i ft- to th* Lngiaiatnrc of
Wuewuin, re^oinm-:* J? >b taking of tK? pri-paja
(or) titip* for an .d'Jiinion iota tk? 1'iioa ?? a
8u.te.
p- 1
Prlr? 'T??4? f:?nt| I
lUtiiiiui uotl i lu uti lt -i v Uli i liut. I
J lir mu-u ill clitic- 111 Huston award the palm of '
exto llence to Miss Sloman, over ltakemann, in her 1
prMorniaiiceg on the piano forte. We rather think V
Mi.vi Sjotnan'a execution is more brilliant than Mr I
R but at the wm tine we (nan -av alw ia a ^ J
r b>mm ixa to KakniNa
Blake in iu Huston, ph^igg his favorite but rather I
antiquated piece, " The 1, ibi Mux "
Marble was playing his round o( Vank.ee characterse.t
Mobile. HerrChue was alto there.
Browne had appeared as ' >'ir H ircoart Courtiy,"
in London A-surunce, at Cincinnati. If he plays it
&s well as he did Dazzle here, we will an?w>-r for
his success.
Rice was jumping "Jim.Crow" in Charleston
The Ravels wa re in New Orleans.
Niw Sown ?" The Way of the World," feting by
Mrs. Hardwick, the poetry and music by llaync*
Ravi'y, published by At will, Hroadwav. The above
is one of the happiest effusions of the lamented
Biyley's lyre It ia in six-eight time, in the key of
t and should be lound on t very piano forte. fd
1'ibk at ITica.?By P< iiKroy's We-tern Kxpi-*?x. ' " 1
we have Utica papers of the latest dates A lire
hrolti out at two o'clock yeso rday morning, in the
grocery and provision store of Mr Hose, Miller'*
block, corner ol Genesee and Wjiitesboro' streets,
Utica. The lire extended on cither side oi Mr
Rose, consuming the store of J. li. Warner, drug
gis', and II. S. Smith's Recess, und doing considerable
damage to the adjoining stores. Loss not
Known.
1 >aton Kocni Ik'nur I?own ?Al t'ie last advice*
two or three squares were consumed, unci a? the
wind was strong,it whs not known where the dame*
wouM stop, or be arrested. The tire broke out near
the Arcenhi, and tears nre eiiti rtane <1 itmt the
Branch Hank may tmve been burnt, but no partiesItirshuve
yet been obtained
Naval Jfchccoits ? It is staled in the Ledger that
at ihe r> cent ses-ion ot the Hoard of Examiner*,
held in Philadelphia, h great number of applied- i
:i< us were received, but very It w favorably considered.
Some of those who presented themselves for
examination were tound to be utterly deficient ia i
the common rudiments of un English education, I
and of course were rejected
State 15ri-oRTKH.?At a meeting of the Lieut.
Governor, the Chancellor, and the Chief Justice,
held on the 31st ultimo, Nicholas Hill, Jr. Esq., of
(his city, was appointed State reporter- Hisdutlea #
are to report the decisions of the t upreme Court,
and also the decisions ot the Court for the Correation
of Errors.
Great Loin ?f>ne of the locomotives on tha
Wincliester Kailrosd in Virginia, conveyed front
that placv to Harper's Ferry lust week, in a angle .
train, 1175 barrels of flour.
Fiicioein New Orleans ?Armund Dubertra?d,
n youni! man much respected, shot himself on the
2:ft, with a fowling piece. No cause is assigned for
the rush act.
Travelling in Illinois.?We learn trom ith?
" IVorta Hegister," that the mail stage from Peoria
to Chicago was swamped in a late trip. Tbe stage
body, with the mail and pawengers, floated oil', and
retnutned in'the water eight hours, while the horse*
drew out the wheels in safety.
New Buildings in Philadelphia ?There wera^^
13-13 new buildings erected in thisci'y last year;\
1(M m the Northern Liberties, :tf>2 in Spring Garden, >
205 in Southwark, 110 in Kensington, 110 in Moyamt
using and 152 in ihe city proper.
a - I' -'in ^
u? IUVIUII >' inr. IIIH..I - llirir IB HI I If* 4 'lUf
cuseion of the credibility mid authority of the Scripturee,
in liosttm, on the Ufhli of next March. Every
one is invited to attend. TraiiocendentulieU take
Pilit luirtn?t/ ?Alva H. Kinney, for stealing ?1B
worth of drv goods, from the store of lhilsoi and
Key*, No. 57 Cedar street, u the 25th of <.)r*ihvr
Ian, and at different times previoui. 1
1'ii t: at Lvo.xs ?The dwelling hou?e of L. Mft- ' M
ry, Ir. two miles north of Lyons, woe destroyed by Jk
fire on the 24ili.
(into Riven.?At Wheeling on the Slot tilt the
river wan ma fine condition, having U feet of water,
and hut little ire running.
i. - - - 13 I
t iKKK E Of TUB WASHINGTON MAItlNE :N8UVRAM
E COMPANY of tii- ri'y cf New Yo>k, Jsaaary
1, I8IS ?The tJraril nf LirecloK li.rr (Ins ray deel ir-?l a din- /
u< in) nl sii |o r rent for the last an irenths, piyable lull. ait.
'1 li? trsiiaf. r hooka will rlo?e until tli.-.t Hate
inw* W. H niJID. Sec'f.
IrlKkMltnt BALL.?I'M Bait iii mil ef the.New York ' M
I Klre l)f(>a Imrut Kunti. will lake p'sre at the Paik Thratry
vei inft, Jan 'IVke'a *5 .6 Uwtw
1) K>'P\1 K \ N !' Fult i. A III IllS AN'II
Broadway, r I>I><I*11- Niblu'a It, (ZJfl
ran! m above tUv Ire Cream Saloon. l.Hliea will find, at
ealabliahwtnl. a private enin g renin, mid a bul or far*
plied withevery thing tliat tbrmarkt cau afford?the
aenbrra hopr by tl.eir punrtnality, giving all a iaiafactioo
tbr | rra n lliat will give them their pntrouaye. I'riv at* roam
for ilinnrr pirtira ran b* bad \
All orJeia rrcrirad to a ml nut?dinner pirtira. Walla, aoireel,
tie. ornamental pyramid : all I, iiida p.trroia of aug lr chare,*
liberty. fam y cakea, Charlotte ruafr, jcllira ire crea*i, kaecutte,
glace, bninbra a grruatl;,*, the only in,uulurtar, ra, lu.
Un hand truff'a. pat? dr foiee graa, and the periyatwy, pw
tita pole, champaign one.
I* amiliva will fine, a! any timr. a ?arirty of dialir i ready la
aeud out. Their pricra will be mod- rate.
MAUNAN It Jt/l.ifJf,
j4 I in* French Co k< aril tj,
MUSIC.
ME9SKS.G. WEISS Ik I RAHM. m-inhcra I.I the
mau MiuicaI Society, beg to inform tb?
iblr smirt v of Nrw York ;*r.d it? viciitif) that
formed a full ami eU?c44?p baud of instrumcnta)
twenty in number, if retjiurrd Thrv h*\r all tfw> fAtnew
WaIx , Galops, and ( otifUons of tiie cHebrated^^^^^^^^^^^H
era.StriuM, Latuier Lvibittky, MuiMrd other
profnpoci. and holti tlcrphf to
parties, soirees, M They witn two
rinlin arid imuO forte, uhJ Number t
required. Faroe* will to by
the music store No. 41'it Bruad* their
BQuf -
* ulwcnbe* will on \
14th da\ of KebfUVV nri'.ut l'i< Ylotk. f? ou.
rable Farm, containing s??ent) -four ?tm, more
and .lviri?r?, f>
in road between th" mnded b>
Henry It or orfe Vandf i n I hy^H
For particular? see Long IsUt-d I)-wot One
amount can remain on owiiii and in "-tuage it low i
Enquire JNO. n.
j4 Itaw toFl4* F* cut or *M
M li S 1 C. I
l#trtK*S. a<' HN KIDt t Y K R II I.' M . di
at of mt well known 'irrtnan Bind, Ion: leave I. ;ii.or'^^^^|
tl.e faahtfliajde ' V l' ,r?
toeir fku atxl rffe, tiv> II ul. couaiat' o| tv.r niattmineia
lei [-rvarir . ra, ui uow ready to utleno private ;wi it. eoirrey
he rh'yhave all tl,< la'rat and ru. -i I ,r Waltree, I
i?'11 OaWaa ot ? a <aii I
<ti.iu?a awl l.abttzny. and will attend ejiber m'b t<vt inet)v
inrial', vn: Violin uul Pianoforte, or auy number ibat n .\y
riwiuir. d A II la! or. w ill fce rinn 'l, all i,Je hi by >;
Mr al itr Kit A a' TZK KK'lt b ur St.* 15. ? Iw ,y
< .ud ?' mo I
4d aaaorlmenl of t ra. Skiua, Ca|e ana Htiei. ?er
a, Uie na^) of New Vmk "is
WHlTWtLL'rf (frollt.i , -lai.t
the first Hhyetenua m itw U. S. i # b tb- t. ry brst
l^Mtton iu eiieteuer for
Chopi-wl H \ (. r ui;?, Numbnoi, W?kii"u >
No It 14 tim?-? 'he f i. n ft(!i?r
ore Nsk for Whitwet|\
miieM yen wiiili tt ?tli i remark
flT?" rriee
Subl M WtM>|e4 I* '-il bv \ ? V ' )
*??*?, No.79 *n |ou f* i.lton - !> ?? sen uid '
Ka*t Broad* ; \bt'<n .h?ii?U .V r<> '*!.*
W4V, f?wnrr "f f 11 tinb,-r A! " etle m nho
' \luiMMH SM'FK," for
posed if lucipally of ?: ?! d
Wa?'rrnr?u4-. Ule e?or of < xmbti.'tfe Univerpit y
'
!'':! !NE !MO:s^ "C-AB
Or Taft
49to d tr-'^Tt1" f*r 1 W<N
>u,,'eA.M a!?o,r?aUJoor4 !>'? 'irt,?t
. ? I '.? Ahorp-'armeti; r- tf4Lir-?_:L?e ' tf*
if i ftvxi- rn -.1 .yi
U'> cm: '> "luraa .be* "D? .
|m^'? u. n?<- W??~i? i/t*if ^
__
J' " < prime Uh<" *
i tit' i NmOrlnn. Y
H^lj.
\R MEDIC! NK > ' ami.- ,
I'otv.iK* aiwI H>r?>p?iil ? i-frt- tifV.
??!(iliacnrcied t
lino" i' i?? I'
n<?. atf- '? rl<
Our raenaimrmiataia tiK* pra ir?l|t>i
w iin n**Ht p., i-?lr ?; tb
a\*v h' UfcrR h-das k??ln tiwry
ii.. r?Wfi?vni ia dial f
Tn??H??? aapeaadt* ?mM thif '
oiviM actar > W mi?j?o*i *4 '*i
ttw ?J??H?*?? wHira th? i -*??ol -? caw
try J '( Saca.i.lMMiit. Lawrfna. aad far r>l?
a. l.ay J?-a? I'vr at Ml (Ji?ea?ich t*i??l
w-ii AavJUnJ k Walla* Park lUw. aa4 ?>1
WMBM,U< Braaiwaj.I
YORK HKRALI).
\< ? V i>rk, Tliurn.tkjr, J.muary O. ls-4'4.
ii?w Vai-k Lantet, Mo. J.
Copies (if this wientilic periodica',containing I'r.
lien's fiBtM lecture* oa surgery, nn be kid ut
KM < line, U Am .?tr ? price (i.j cents.
Tbial or the Rav. M*. Vam Zabdt?No mail
was received last night from Rochester?nothing
I farther, theiefore, of the trial of the Rev. sinner.
I To-r!ay we expect tlie close and verdict oi'ihe jary.
SikMcii Rrtaklng up of ttir Xew York Cnl eritlty
NrUlrnl School ? Kxtruorillnnry At"
trinpt to Control tlie Pros?War ngMiiflt
^ Ike " I,nurrt '?Cupreeetlriitril Scenes In
Dr. Watt'* CIlikKoom.
The Faculty of our Now Med col College aad the
1/ m4M? is .; * ne ra I, hove beta thrown into
a ihe greolaat excit meat duria th p tot two hays, in
consequence of th-* extraordinary conduct ol Dr.
Mott, who, acting under the guidance of a few mishK
erable creatures, who e evident aim is, to make a
|P convenient tool of the aniialdebut too pliant Profeo
sor, has taken the most foolish measures to prevent
v1t' the pablit at on oi aK eview of his Lectures, which
has been commenced ia the columns of the Lancet
It seems that the services of the editor of the
lancet were solicited by Dr. Mott, at the com
inencement ol the present session in the College,
for the purpose of furnishing verbatim reports of the
learned Protestor's lectures, with a view to their
publication, under the distinguished cpoinage of Dr.
| P. S. Townsend, the quondam sub editor of Judge
Noah's defunct paper, and the gentleman who is
at present emasculating the Professor's travels m
Europe. The editor of tire /Aincct expressed Iris
willingness to make the reports as required, for
i which he demanded a much more moderate compensation
than is usually given for such labor, on
the ground that he could obtain counterbalancing
advantages from the pos-ession ol his notes of the
learned Professor's discourses. A document by the
terms of which the editor ol the Lancet would have
been bound to make no public use of his notes, was
presented to him, but this lie did n"t sign, nrer'dy
pledging himself to furnish Dr. Mott with verbatim
reports of his lectures, at $."> each. It may be added
U that Dr. P. S. Townsen4 informed the editor of
the l.ancct, whilst his arrangements with Dr. Mott
were in progress, that " a person had been engaged
to do the lectures at # l each, and that the services of
?t?,? <>f il>,. Ijtnrri wuuId nut he rtnuired unless
he would furnish the lectures at that rate," which the
latter gentleman refused to do, and found alterwards
that this statement was totally false?no
such arrangement having been made with any individuals,
and that the statement had been made
merely to induce him to lower his terms. The
editor of the Lancet then commenced furnishing
his reports on the terms already stated. Previous to
the publication of the first number of the Loner/, the
editor waited on Dr. Mott, whom he met in company
with Dr. Pattison, and asked hi in if he would
1 have any objections to the publication of a synoptical
review of his lectures, and Dr. Mott, with she
utmost frankness, expressed hi3 enure willingness
that such a publication should be made in the l.tmee/,
desiring only to see the proofs of the articles.
Acting on this permission, which was solicited, we
understand, merely out of compliment to the Professor,
the editor of the Ijinctt commenced his review
of the lectures in the first number ol his journal.
Now, however, it seems that a contemptible clique,
who dread the influence of an independent medical
ournal, have excited 'Dr. Mott to the extraordinary
r. and unjustifiable conduct which led tw the following
ti] i ' ?eenes:?
( - *' At the usual hour yesterday afternoon Da. Hot-sro*,
1 the Editor of the iMncet, made hin appearance in DrMott's
class room, and commenced taking notes of the
- Professor's lecture. Alter having spoken lor about ten
^1 .; minutes, the learned Professor suddenly stopped, and
i turning to the Editor of the Lancet, who occupied u Seat
f on the first bench, said?
Ds. Mott?Did you receive a note fioui me last night,
Ed. or Lsnckt?I did, Sir.
Da. Mott?Did you understand from it that you wore
not to take any more of my lectures 1
Ed. or I,avi rT ?1 understood from it, Sir, that j on did
not wish me to tnko any more lectures for youraelt, but
^ot tn.' it was intended to prohibit me fiom taking notes
lor my own purposes.
^^B Da. Mott?(turning to the class.) Gentlemen, 1 leave
it to you if this gentleman is treuting me right. Ho
agreed to report my lectures for in?, and I gave him for
^ jt a very large price, but I lind that he is now di priving
me of my ow n property, and is not abi ing by his con^B
tract. It it right or fair that my own should be taken
H away from me ? I And that this gentleman in the lorieel
has givi u my lectures. Now is it right ? Will you
H austain me in this view of it 1 (Very feeble applause.)
1 really do not think r, fair or honorable that this gentleV
man should do so. I gave him a large price to do the
? f..r mo no.I vet ho is t&Linir all me bonelit til tiim
I f self. Now 1 dont think this in lair. l)o you think it is
H j fair 7 I am sure it is not fair or honorable.
I ! Ed. or L*sccr?Will Professor Mottpeinnt me to oiler
> my rii'w slthi'C.ib^_
D* KottdfaiMhkn *se n t.
A Da. SrmsmT (we believe, a protege of Dr. Mott,)
then started to his lert and said?(ientlemen, 1 don't
think that?that we should allow this?this pet son to?
?dispute with Dr. Mott. 1 think?(the remainder of
gentleman's speech was completely drowned in the
cordial hisses of the u hole class, which continued for
lom< seconds after the gentleman resumed his seat. After
this dignified interference)?
Kb or THr Lsncrt?(}< ntlemrn, l|stand before you
brand'd as guilt) ot dishonours! le conduct. I would
wanting in proper r? spect to myselt. and some of the best
feelings of hum .nity. were I ti leave this place in silenee
Allow nte to say, that no individual, however
respectable, (bowing to Dr. Mott) nor however low,
(turning to tw o or three pel sons near the door) will lie
anfl'errd unjustly to impugn my character for moral roc
tit tide and honor. 1 sm not guilty of violating the terms
of any contract I have made?I am not chargeable with
improper or unfair conduct towards the learned Profta
The contract between as was sunply this I was
give him rrrhatim rrpoits of his lectures, and he
pay me what h? a large price anther
on that about the ear hilf of
usual r> numeration forsnch labor. Still, in the eye
it may he a '-large price," although
^^^^^^^^^^Bdcd the arduous 1 ihor of a w eek in the attainment
^^^^^^^^^^^Bbility to accomplish w hich, the application
was necessary, with a sum inferior to that paid
weep of the bistoury in the some.
rntl'-mrn.
r -ports asjrequlred. But nrt rr pledgol m> j
^^^^^^^^^^^^^ refrain from making the tamo use
am warranted in making in my
contradiction on this point. Moreover, I has
t hat to the publication
en th" learned Professor, company with our
colleagues, ?- , u'?'' A..? tu jyti'!nh
1, i nnrf I pirmitiivn vna rrattkif
- - "
Dr.
#f >i the gcolnessto perm.t nie
Dr. Most.? So, I m Captain of the dc -k here, il
you
The Ed "f the Lin ?' bowed and smiled, and the Profeasor
proceeded - < J.-n'.lemen, 1 now mind that this g, n
if I wouldn't allow h m to p iblish notica* of my h >
but it was only to be about >oine subj -rts, nnw and then,'
bn.l I remember thnt Professor r.stiis >n instanced the
'i< n mi B it I tol l tin? g> nth man afutwards
won him to do so.
Ed.or nit ? Well, Pr rat'i<on's oftfte
eoin ith mine. True jcur permission was
ithd awn in a two on
insider# t l had s prrb'Ct rightto do.independent any
content. I mad promise the public which I
sr-n 'ty I onnd fullil to the utmost of my abili'y,
you? w i?h to s. rve thia in,
^Wit'i a
, #nd all this I can do id the present case, witho it
at fairly, violating any contract, or larnish ng
honor, I will review his labor* ss I would those
I Oilier rrOlr?or. ? 11 n i rum m i in .1 m num* ?? i
?i>ai"-e intertill ol ?"ir pretention. In lh<>
bliM", * I'll llii* r\pl nation. I I to wit lid i w , nu I
no l.i. "Tuton the time ot lh??cl.i??. fo :ouiu v
ill i' l rpp.im I to 'ak.' my ?i at *moijut you ai a
tir rf tJfM. ' I.mid ?t plar?. 1
jrr lh" 1 of t.i t f -1 li 1 I til' I, Dr Mott
for torni ilaitM la t h. j ct.rcit?ratli j
kirr mi merit*,lad m li'tr ti at tha public it to, ?
Bhrn wuiU't iko ( it . II the frnhnaaa of the lc Khon
| n*i!iihr I V'j I.i
Hftnrs I n ill'- itiut 11 till' ' fi t ' afnil mn.'i'
ia Dr. M It' elan i an, at tin1
^Kand ? ? rii'?ir-l ! oh i id aprlauaa by t).< ia
Pi utii I 'iiti. n S liir idt I i;t< I thi' room a f. w
[tea atterwarde. and p* ?' 1 ?y one nf t;>"*e
ft which medical t'tidenU, all the aorld over,
ft irli a vehemei
k>'.
liour I erwardi, and t:.uu h <jm
P, iV " L me t
kJ Vt 1 ' '* In* * on h re '
VI
Bv j N?w Tan J?n.1,1*M|,
H|lr ilriulir I. \. Hu'Htnn rr in Mien t ?.. ?
i -*f a <il l.i c.it ? n the D<f inent of Mi iraitjr,
tor ?
JOHN 17. DKATKU "
(Ui'.irl in* o it biu ha id) (lire me t ?*
I anall retail it. air :i my own pe<-t r in.
P L-l ooiofiniM I n aaiiil ltt Maadki
h anler.
I)*. Mott.?1 don't can- for the order?you roust go
out?or I cun't g > on that's til.
[ n. r?* ivns gr.-.it exciti in< nt in the class?lor sc roe rotnutt
i coum lerxlde conltnion took p'ace.]
F.d.or L.?lam unwilling to excite any disturbance,
and shall then fore waire my right for the pre tent and
withdraw, hut 1 will tuku proper mi asures for the tontinuanceof
my reviews.
Such are the occurrences wh'<h have produced a
most delectable hubbub oinoog-t cur medical sa
v ins. I >r. Mott threatens to resign, if the editor of
the I.anc<t dares to persevere in his straight forward
and perfectly proper course. Well, if so, we have
a dozen oth< r masters of the scalpel and forceps.any
of whom could fill the abdicated chair. The school,
it is said, will be broken up. Who cares'? Another,
constructed on tnore enduring principles, will
start from its ruins, as rapidly as the magic palace of
Aladdin. A new era has dawned upon the medical
profession in this country, and New York must ever
be the great focus where all the lights of science in
this oountrv wili conei ntnle. T?ut the day lias gene
when any individual interest or influence can oppose
for one moment a harrier to the progress et a
free press. The labors of scientific teachers must
not he rnonsp< 1:z<?d. They are public property
The editor of the Lancet, in reviewing Dr. Moll's
lectures, is only carrying out a portion of widely extended
arrangements, which will ultimately bring
before the public and the profession the lectures of
all the prominent medical teachers of the country,
and no greater service cou'd have been rendered to
I ?r. Mot* than this. II- is thus brought prominently
forward,and placed in the same position with his confreres,
whilst his lei lures are reviewed by a writer
who is as superior to the paltry litcratcur to whom
the Professor has blindly entrusted his "Travels,"
at the free eagle is to
" Tlie <!al> chick, that waddles through the copse.
On lett and wings?now Hies, now wades, now hops."
We pity Dr. Mott. He isHn amiable, well-meaning
man?he is an able practical surgeon?but he is
lamentably duped. He is, alas, easily imposed on
by men who, in their hearts, despise the high-souled
principles of such a man, but who know well how
to operate on the weaknesses of noble natures, like
the creeping things that riot in the putrescence and
decay of mouldering humanity. Again we say, we
pity Dr. Mott. We pity him as we would any man
surrounded by false friends, " whose kisses," as the
wise man said, " are deceitful,"and who, to serve
their own purposes, whether of self-aggrandizement
or malevolent hate of that independence which they
deprecate and dread as well they may, would goad
their victim to ruin.
Hut all the combined influence <>t any l'roiessor,
or clique, or school, or college, will not, we are persuaded,
control the Lancet. It is the first medical
journal established in this country on perfectly independent
principles, and if it only continues to maintain
that stand, it will completely revolutionize the
medical profession in the United States,and crush for
ever the numerous cliques which have heretofore prevented
any reform,gulled the public,nnd trode down
with undissembled insolence, young, struggling, unfriended
and honorable professional merit.
The Faculty of the College were in conclave for
several hours last evening. We have not heard
whether they resolved by a formal vote to explode.
1'ut we will to morrow continue our review of this
astonishing movement, nnd commence an historical
account of the rise and progress of this School,
which will present one of the richest, most rtchercht,
and amusing developements of human nature imaginable,
and agreeably enliven the present dull and
dreary season.
Singular Investigation bt a Gband Jury ?
Grand Juries are sometimes grand curiosities. The
Grand Jury of the Oyer and Terminer, now udjourned,
entered into a curious investigation at their
last sitting. We have received a full report of their
secret proceedings, and they are highly amusing.
It seems that having nothing to do very particulate
one day, they sent for witnesses, and made a
long and minute investigation into the mode and
management of the "New York Herald," embracing
the subjects of reporting, expresses, money arti
cles, ball-, tovritt, wtgn, circulation, correspondence,
and every thins;. The fort man, a very worthy
man, put a number of enquiries relative to the
famous express of the second Veto Message, which
we ran exclusively at the extra session. Another
member was very anxious to know if John Tyler,
Junior, corresponded with the Herald?another,
whether the President did not give us a copy of his
metsage, a day in advance?and another would
hardly believe but we published the message before
it was delivered in Washington- A grave member
wanted to know wh > were the two fair unknown ladies
at Dr. Mott's Joinville toirie, and who wrote the
description of that elegant concern. One worthy juror
asked what was the circula'ion o( the Herald,
and opened his eyes in utter astonishment, on being
told that it reached nearly thirty Ihoutand. Some of
the wiser members thought tint all the distant cor
respondence in the Ileruld was written in our ( dice
in Ann street?and seemed incredulous of the statement
that it came regularly through the Post Ofliep
Such an unbeliever should go to the Post Office,
and ascertain the truth there.
Ou the whole, the Urand Jury, before their adjournment,
made themselves perfectly acquainted
with the vast and mysterious process of producing
such a paper as the New Yotk Herald, and 1< ft their
apartments in wonder and amnz-mcnt at their former
ignorance, and the depth of their new discovery.
Glr nt worth* Disclosure*.
New Yon*. Jim I, 1812.
Mn. JAMr.s^O. Hiuxktt: ?
Sir:?1 have been applied to by the person who
is interested in the copyright of th* p imtdilet published
under the title ot "Statement of Fiauds ou
' the Elective Franchise in the city of N"W York, in
I the years ami 1*W, bv James I', ("lentworth,"
| to take legal steps to stop the publication of the -eune
in your paper. I hope 'h at n notice of the fact that
your publication doe? nil meet iii? approbation, will
1- sufficient to render any profet.iou.il interference
on my part unnecessary.
Yours, lespectflllly,
Jami: M. Smith, Jr 3 Wall si
Ar -wr.a ?Certainly?we shall stop. We are, on
i the whol?, taiher sorry (hat we gi\* *0 much. Hut
I who is the "person int.'rested'' in the copyright !
' Is it any person in the office of the Evening Ibis'!
[ Does pipe-laying sell as well as poetry! IA>?tell.
Ditto.? The "New Era" thinks th it Major Noah's
excellent charg to the grand jury, relative to " hanks
aod jnon^ articles," is on- of the oudeat cro:t.li?ts
that ever eroded a man's mind.
8.1 do we?so does every man. However, if the
worthy Judge thinks that lie on nr>ke monry
plenty in Wall street?and pr v n. banks from In .iking,
by ucharje to his " (.'ibuim, ' we hope In n y
repeat such charges every day Who knows hut
thin is the greit" Fiscal Agent" at list! If the judge
had been on the h>nch wh-n the Jacksonville Bank
last broke, or lite Montreal Utticn B'nk, >r the Bennington.
or the Old Town, a charge ta his " Cabinet"
might have held up these in?'i'ations. and saved
jthe cot un-r.ity Irotii bein* chrated out of many
j hundred t! i- -v! dVIars ia worthless shinpb st< *
Wuat ,uty, also, thr.t the exc-lkiit j in,re d'd tee
get v h.?r,cc'o d-livcr a charge b. fere th-' U. 8.
Bank brake for ?0p >,)??n might hive hrt?
saved to the p"or wi lo v and orph .n stockholder*,
except ? ceit in $V>,nou.
8it.v?:s Tsomitt.? M Win Adams litis just
shown it- a tifst splcn.l.d silver u tmpct, which h>
hi i jn-t l> m ni'.iiufm t'tring fn* Mr. E. C. Storm of
New t ir'n nn. F i- > mended u* . pre*'* it from j>,-s
rv.'T to do <' tpfa ' ?t the steam thip Alabama,
1.1 the iiK ii'h of i < h r I i?t, from i mi.ncre to \ w
Orleans.
Ji -.r "otii errnan lliour ?O ir amiable frond
?n' i. - eit n *ociiUr|in t'n ro jueri 'tof Tamirciif
H I. ysterday s?-u d ' wn from the highest aent ol
ti o >' b-a It, t .T'a c toy of llie Iletnld, to
rea l?U'' ' \e.a?r 8 * a-.i'j ,M- sage?oh, n? I'll
< t tea I the I of 'I e :'-v Mr. Van '/<\ni'%
w'.ic' 1' t'i>j' y I. i- V. '<x'. If the J it e
W1.I41C <is h.a u t idi . , ,'v'l put it uoulh.'ir c
1 >t lor " Au'd lingsyue."
Tub Waifiinotchan* iw tub Ascbsda" r.?ThWashington!una
an* currying every thing all before
them. In the ;*reat game that is now playing, liiey
are most decidedly the trumps. The Washington
Total Abstinence Society, (head quarters at No. <1
Divnon street) held their tirs-t quarterly meeting
la^t evening, in the liev. Mr. Stillwell's church,
in Chryslie street?and such a jam?'twuen'. an audience
at a!'?it was u regular out and out jam. Seven
hundred and fifty people, who couldn't even get a
standee, nor so nutcli as a peep in at the outside
doors, finally * ent away from the house. And as to
those who were lucky enough to get jammed inside
of the house, why you'll he sure to know them
all to-day, for some of them, who only gotsqueazed
on both sides, will look all ilittened out like case
knives, while others, who wero blessed with a four
sided squeeze, will look lengthened out, somewhat
in the shape of a bannister.
Then, as to th? character of the audience, they
were the very bone and muscle, and sinew of the
people. The members of engine No. 18, in their
Mnifnrrki u..?nt an.,r?n,? llV 11 OOOi [11[11CIIt
Aliout fifty members of engine No. 2 went there to
sign the tee total pledge because engine No. 18 went
there. Members of hose cart No. 2, went for the
the same reason. Three hundred people wen1
there to hear Mr. George Hall, 11 1'. (Reformed
Drunkard), tell his experience. One hundred
went to hear Mr. Fisher, R. D. Two hunnred to
henr Mr. Brockington, It. D. Four hundred to
hear Mr. Bensel sing a tetotal song?which wan encored?two
hundred to hear a thundering speech
from Mr. K. L. Snow,"fourteen years firemen in Huston?five
hundred to hear the Lady Howard Soci.
eiy sing tome beautiful temperance songs?six
hundred to hear the dear little Misses Warings
(one only a Yankee four-pence half penny of
eight years of age, and the other a five penny
j piece, six years old, (both very pretty) sing a nice
little temperance ode. Oh, its no use?temperauce
is all the go?the young men have all turned poets,
and are making teetotal songs, und the girls have
gone to singing them, and we are all going to temperance
together. Heaven only knows what will
become of the city if things go in this way much
longer. The carpenters, and the blacksmiths, and the
carttnen have all gone to making spevchee, and the
R.lt's are becoming the most popular men of the
duy.
It would be imposfible to report the speeches of
these men there last evening- Some of them were
from niceyoung men whose sweethearts went there
to hear them?others were your real r eghnd
tumble speeches, of six hundred horse power,
un.t a 1,1., to Ln.wtr fits llnhtilintr nilt ?lf a tllllfldcT
cloud, or split open a volcano. The plain matte r of
fact about it is, Intemperance is done for.
A Jacksonville Lotteut Fraud.?We refer our
readers to our Sessions report to-day, for the disposal
of a lottery fraud, originating in Jacksonville,
Florida. That 'ere Jacksonville must be one of the
greatest " diggins down South-" Eh !
The Long Lost Murdeked Moroan ?A correspondent
asks us whether Morgan, the Presided
of the Jacksonville Bank, is not the same Morgan
who was abducted by the rascally masons from Batavia
a few years ago, and was afterwards murdered,
and thrown into the Niugaia river, opposite
Fort Niagara. Really, we don't know?but we
shall inquire.
Erie Raii.road Meetings?We call the attention
of the public to the advertisements in this day's
paper, calling ward meetings, in reference to the
prosecution of the Erie Railroad.
This company seem to push nliead with ihe same
degree of momentum that their locomotive brought
down from Goshen Governor Seward's last message
and dying words. Very well?enterprise is enterprise.
Nothing can eucceed without it. What is the
Albany Railroad Company about?
Splendid Hardware Store.?Just look into C.
Delavan's store, at the corner of Broadway and
Broome Btreet, above Canal. \
llisiior IIoohe*?John Kennedy, Centre at ,
has sent us a lithograph of Bishop Hughes. It is a
CdDitul work, but we know not whether it is si li'ep.
new or not, never having seen the Hi?hop. It represents
the Hit-hop >13 a very good looking man, with
a fine face, very smooth end plausible. We bhitll
have it beautifully trained, and liuug up before our
editorial desk, in order to make its good-natured
when we write about his movements again.
New Youk Exei-.gv ?The first iron rail w is laid
only ten years ago, and we now have 800 mile* of
railways in this State.
Paks Theathe.?A N*w Comedy.?Mark
I.email's comedy of " What Will the Wor d Say 1"
was produced, for the. first time in tins Country, at
the Park last night, nnd we. ware very sorry to see
such a scanty audience assembled to witness some
of the best actitig it bus been our lot to behold, on
the board* of Old Dmry, for some time. The company
acquitted themselves (.dwiirablj. and each
one richly earned the applause be: lowed. The
piece, a* a literary production, presctts nothing
extraordinaiy, but at the same timu :s a capital
bintto the follie* of the aristocr. cy. We give a
synopsis of the comedy, and would etiracsty recommend
the public to go and seo it
Pyc Hilary, (Mr. Abbott) a barrister, becomes
deeply smitten with Marian Mayky, ("Mi?s Ciiilinun,
tho ward of Mr Warner, (Mr. Chippendale,)
at the opera Hy the aid of Captain Tarradiddle,
(Mr. Placide) an individual nl?.> professes to belong
to the reg ilar army, but aelnuily without any
occupation, Hilary obtains an int rn.-.r wi:h Tattle,
(Mrs. Vernon) the lady's maid < f Mar..hi, and,
by dint of bribsry, she brings them into the prescnce
of hor mistress. This introduction prove*
by no means agrtcablcto Mr Werner. and ho politely
invites the gentlemen to It avo ts< house, and
alio warns Tattle to cpiit Miss D.i Tor.*, ( diss
S. Cushiuan) who afterwards turns oat to be a
daughter of sir. Warner, is a governess in lb; family
of Lord Norwold, ( M r. llany) who is possessed
nl a wife very particular about what will the
world say," and by this maxim rrdt.ccs her
Lord to povorty. Nibnle, (Mr Andrews) the chief
footman in the employ of Lord Not void ci nsider*
himsilf as good cs the governess,and refuses to
convey a letter to the post-oftc <- for hiwhich action
cxeites the wrath ofyoung Norm Id, (tdi.rke)
and gets Nibble a beating; he in lti* tur.i becomes
chagrined, and gives Lord Norwoki notice of his
intention to quit his sen ice. This interference on
the part of youngN< rwold, in behalf of the ft-/t-rno-s,
gives ditpLasure te bis n other, (Mr*. vVbesti
h-y) a*d sf.e J'-charges 'he governess, vm-u young
j ^onvi'iu IVIIOMIIB mn uum.< t ? I nc i;in. .I,n? #c
j Vere are in,in unil wife. J'hanic ininico nteiy uian*
j tin the brow of (be ontoci.ti< Norw"Ida, af tb?ir
on'it conde.eoin'on to m.">rrj a p.over;,era,aid in
( tlmir anger thejr distarJ hun ai.?t bai.i'h biru fi <m
, hi* hnue. They obtain b >urd i.i a \rry bmubie
babitati.in, \?' ich prove* t.> be t1 h mi nf Turra
I diddle, 'rho it poasesaed of a t: .* a - *i r_y of a w . fo,
j (Mis knii.kt) circumstance ke.'u :: lonobn ly hut
I himself. Voting Nnrwndd aid hit wife r r?'reatul
j it It much hxpi?ality h,- rarrxdiddlc, when tliey
; are discovered liy I'y? 11 !>.y inthvir rr'reai, t c
h tvin ; ia?r tiated hi.a-eif Irlo the i?tei<,r of Mr.
! Waincr, ui di rtake- to fi.ul >ut * lit. iv;k eu bout a of
his lo-t dai ; tor, and ?iicciedi it finding her bo*
ii atit the roof his e'd c ?|aa!r i I. . r tdiudle !i
ill* course of the piece, \'r. Warnr. k .i Lord
N irivoid turn ' it tuba broth r.uand t'n eonndv
! t.i nrluui * t> itil n rccuicil kti*n, i.nd h.ippijn *
r.ign* tiaieersah At the lall if the citr..t?:>, th
announcement of repetition a.n itemed with
witch t. o'auje. T.iis pieci is note having a i?r*..
run at Ci'T'n' Garden; .it firat it t. m unpopular
but haa aince ?:iC? < iltd, w . wo bop*, t.. <rr it here,
at mil ably. VVa mil speak of the ,v. rforioc ? Le real
tor.
Mn 11a *?f\m ? Thiaf^entlermn "if vp concert t -.ii-ljt
ut N. w uk, art J on I?i lay ni.i.t lie -,i v a
Goiieert of Sio.ru! M uio ut tl " ilu:j,er s iiutii ' e
in ttii < i if* WV hope to the hou* crowded on
'. e o-e.i?ii n. nrnl w* would reeomn-nd the a 1 inrers
o' Vr. lir tl. iui to iMiii'tuc" tins op; ortuniiv to
enjoy n e nmirnilioent ex cation of sacred tai'sic H*
i'f nitoir: ni in bi/ft', nnd we r.iav not a ain
be ?b'c to h* uf him in this depaitxcat of his ptoferinu.
V tu'i Miti. ?This gentleman f.iret p leelute
on Tiidi* ni;.it, at Clinton If all, "On f!.? CvfOn*
tric t i*'f the Ife^n lat'.tla.'' It v.i-i I ' qnti a
dri/il ahaif.
POSTSCRIPT.
JlrtHge of the tiortraor of Pennsylvania.
We received no menage from Governor Porii r
last night, llrnson?The Senate of Pennsylvania
had not organized yesterdayTWHSTT-SEVENTII
CON6RE8S,
Second Session.
Senate.
Tuesdat, January 4,1812.
AMERICAN ClTlZCB* AT BRITISH PENAL CoLORIES.
Mr. Wiusbt presented a petition from Buffalo,
praying au interference of this government for the
release sf American citizen*, transported by the
British government to Van Dieinan's LandVarious
other petitions were presented by other
Senators, reports wore made on private claims, several
bills of no public interest were introduced and
passed through their preliminary stages, and soni?
were read a third time and passed. The remainder
of the morning hour was consumed by a discussion
on bills for revolutionary pensions.
Fourth Day's Debate oi? the New Fiscai.itv.
Mr. Bates resumed the debate on this subject.
He said it was a simple i|uestion of reference of the
Secretary's Report to a Select Committee, and he
had listened to the discussion which had grown out
of it with great surprise, and what was unusual,
with greet pain, lie saw no possible good that
could result from it, on the contrary he saw nothing
hut evil, unmixed evil, and that too unmitigated
by the^con.-iderafon that there had been any sort < f
necessity for it; and it had filled him with despondiag
apprehensions that nothing will be done on
this particular subject, on which, of all others, the
country demanded of th?m that something should
t- unne. vv uh mese views, tnereiore, ne nm no'
lise fur the purpose of entering into this debate;
his object was to prevent, and his wish was not to
'ft luce it. The report of the Secretary of theTrea
sary presents to Congress, in an intelligible form,
the views of the President on a measure of vast interest
to the people of this country?which views
(subject, of course, to the limitation o( the President
h known opinions of the constitutional power
of the government), are concurred in by his Cabinet.
It assumed no tone of dictation to Congress;
it arrogated no claim to perfection, but it expressly
invited modification; and submitted at the call of
Congress, it was for Congress to adopt it, to
change it, or to reject it at pleasure, and *urely it
merited at -the hands of Congress the most grave
passionate, impartial, and respectful attention. It
might be all right, or it might be all wrong It
proposed a pi in bearing upon the destinies of this
natiss, and it was therefore entitled to consideration,
and for one he did not feel at liberty thnsin advance
to commit himself either to its support or its rejec*
; tisn. On this subject he wished to havs all the
1 light which the public mind and the pubiie prerscan
throw upon italic wished to hear what practical busi es?mea
say of it and its operation, and above all he
wished to see n report from an intelligent select
committee, nnd when the proper time came lie
I trusted he should be as well prepared and as prompt
te act as any other Senator His impiession was
strong that this Report, and the bill embraced in the
report, would aaswer some good purpose, but when
they got the report of the sel-. ct committee, it might
turnout that in the bill there would be very little of
a Bank, and so little of power to receive
to receive depositee, or to issue notes or bills, or to
deal in exchanges, that even some of his friends
near him without doing violence to their own feelings,
might be content to take it. In his judgment,
therefore, the proper course to send it to hfcommittee,
uncommitted on their part, and his confidence
was strsug that this report will answer some good
purpose. Bat this was not the time for him to ex
prone hft views in respect to it. It was to him of
no sort of consequence, what the scholar or the
critic here, or elsewhere may say; if the power
were given to him to make the report, he should not
care what they said The report was before tlie
Senate and before the world, and the report speaks
for itself, and that was enough. The country required
that seme thing should be done for its relief
And what was it 1 The President had propos"d his
nlan through his Secretary?the Senate on the other
aide, had proposed their substitute?a Sub-Treasury?and
what was proposad by his friends (the
whig*) on the other side 1 What was the measure
of relief which they propose as a substitute, far the
one proposed by the Secretary of the Treasury under
the direction of the President 1 None at all.
He took it for granted, that a Bank of Discount was
out of the question for some years at least;
and if this were not taken as the ba is
of some measure by Congress, he asked
his friends if thev were to come there and remain
for six months, more or less, end do nothing on this
subjects- The responsibility of a Senator of the
Un.ted States, at the present crisis, was appalling,
and he felt oppressed by it to a sadness ot heart.
Something must be done for rhe reliel of the country,
or at least an attempt must be made to do something
; and would they allow him to tell tliem what
in his judgment the country requires at their hands?
In the first place the country demanded, if he might
be permitted, to u?e the language of his friend from
N< rih Carolina (Mr. Mangum) that they would lei
by-gones be by-gones. The evil of the oay had
Iv'en sufficient, heaven knew, and as the country
fi-it in every fibre What wa9 passed was history,
they could neither re-enact nor recall it ;
the scroll was rolled up for the future But
the country demanded another thing at their
hands It demanded the exercise of an elevated
patriotism?that they should sink themselves and
sacrifice themselves lfneed be for its good. But the
country demanded another thing; it demanded not
only that they should act, but that they should net
unitedly. It was not for hitn, so fresh in that place,
to act the part of an adviser, but this debate he conceived
to be out of time and place, and lie hoped
they would hear no further denunciations until a
more suifeble time came. It might be that they
should not be able to achieve nny tiling; he had
great doubts (hat (hey should not, bin he war for 'he
trial; for on hi* lilt* the country would sustain them
if they u>tallied the best and the moat attainable
thing under (he circumstances of the caje And if
it was found with (he lights of experience that it required
it, th- y could amend it. For one he was
ant content to put all at hazard upon the chance of
a IJniud States Hank of discount ef er three or four
ye? rs, or of a Sub Treasury, with the con.
i igency e f having neither. He was for att.
mpting now to accomplish their abject, with the
limitations row prescribe1*, and give him leave to
ray that the l ite of the whig party depended upon
t.e course tliey might pursue in relation to the matter
under conviderat'mu. lie believed if they acted
w tth un honest purpose, the people would sustain
them; and if they did not nit thus he believed the
people would cart them off. Such were his views
or. tins subject, be they right or wrong, and without
going into the subject at all, he rose for the purpose
i f .ddrescinu these views, in this surnmtry way to
the Senate,let tlmm avail what they would: and having
dont it,he hnd accomplished his purpose
Mr. Hxrhow expressed his abhorrence of th-* plan
pr >posed by the President. He said he had not
reu.l through two pages of it before he threw it
down, his cheek burning with indignation 11knew
not how any mm could be alarmed, ns the
resident prof?seed to be, at n Hank, of the United
Stjites, and ?-t rec? mtnencled und advocate this
ons er?It was to him iistoni-hing. A Hank of the
United States was innoxioua comptired with this gigantic
government Hank. In Lnglnud, when the
ministry had a favorite mea?ure, which met with
tire disapprobation of the people, they resigned their
places; and he thought the cabinet here ought to
r-s'-n; he would uot say the I'l-sident.a'so, for that
would be revolutionary. And.f the cabinet would
resign, he would coue-nt to rake them again into
the whig church, provided they resigned with n illume
this plan fix d lor a hill *t exchange lo run?
and thai wwt t'trty days (Laughter). As an advocate
at State. Ha Ira he wna opp.i-ed to the scheme
In one ol his to m--ages thu President spoke of
h:s conscienc" .wri of Constitutional fcrupl-s; n< w
h- (Mr. Harrow) alw ays looked w ith fusnieion on u
political m u who app-nled t? moral obligations
\Vhxt hnd religion to do with th- dtsch ir_e ?I
the duties of the executive' (Slight laughter.)
The Constitution and the Laws w ere tne L .e
nxt'Ur'j UiL U ClX I U r atJ h'.U (i llu U'JO /. .II
cerned. But lie reengaged no k,n^fr th? Irei
eic1''nt m tli? brad ci ta? whit; party; th. r<
I h*u btfvn already h reparation a vinculo mt'ri
i l'v thbill th? Prcai lent hud tmbjec'i <1
bi iwll ti> tli? ridicule < i the democratic i> rty, ? .1
I ih' acorn of ill - w hit? party ; and he hoped i >:.
in -nifri I m:Ii. 11 r of finance, ih olBprug 01* th'1
union ol Northern tcderifisia and \ 11 ^;ini.i uh.-iri :
ti.ir, v, a he sir i<?;;i?'d in .is- birih.
1M1. Iwottr'.iieAi moved un adjournment, imt on
the -ugce ot Mr Merrick, the mo*ion wa?
clt?t'.? d ito on in procerj to the cor,aider*.ion ol
Kiecaiive t>u*:i?'M, which wae agreed to.
Uoaic of Ht'priirntal.lvii,
Tvtanav, Jan. 4.
Tnr <>*r Tfum r*n?rtri,*.
Mr. Hi".1 he Aiahr.lto orter \ joint resolutions''
hieh s\ m ? < i> of one that lie han ottered nl the In i
1. pjon -.mJ b 1 ml r.cirl too earlieat opportunity o
t(T> in In lifting it to the not .ce of the House.
' J'he re?elo .ion tva? then read, and wai lor the pnrpo''
of. ?iendintr lb. Contti'ution fo as'c restrict the eli j.l 1
Jit) oft:?? Pfeaidor t to a aingle term of four years.
.ilr.Wmri tishe.! it Ihi lesnlution wos in ord> 1 7 A
* <ia 11 was not 11 't ?n objected t
Mr. Wn.cea uklthtt b e ol jacteil to it, vecHiist^tF
i . . wrdi.: 40*''
M. He sr ?jM it war nn exact copy in im
th- resolution h? 1ir.il .ntVre.l ut (lie but ?. *i^^weei?> d
Itr. Wri,i n -Tha'. 1* 110 lesion it shou^r
tor. |.reaith>
J,, Me l' SI the a ;M notice tbV \\<^F
raaulatu n ? hi 11. th it wn in 1 id opRrr.
Hr, ?t os i ,r * 'Jour v d la t
M n m ' Id thst . Ii *n ?a tue t vitiOu to
1 eremi't, th >e is a* a <]>ie?tioa^r
print extra copies of the report of Mr. Haaaler on the
Coait 8m vey. He moved that the motion might be now
taken up and decided.
Mr H-wxins iai 1 he would like to be informed of the
number of extra copief contemplated to be printed, aad
the nmountef expense involved, before he voted on the
qneation.
Mr Adami aaid three hundred copir* was the number
moved for.
TheBrxnaa (aid that he was informed by the Clerk
that the document was hut a small one, and the expense
would not he more than twenty-five dollars.
Mr. Cl'ihi*o?These extra copies are for the uie of
Mr Haasler and not lor the use of Congress.
Ssniii. Voices ?Let him pay for them himself.
Mr. Horains then moved as an amenJaient to the rcsolation,
the additional words " provided the cost thereof
does not exceed t wentv-tivn dollars."
Mr. Adams areepU-d the amendnn nt.
The question wu then taken on the motion, and the
Speak) r said it wascarried, but several voices called for
a diviiion, ami the memheri being counted, tS appeared
in the aflirmativo j is the motion to print extra copiel
was loii.
Abolition Fstitiohs? Kx rituuiit Adam* Chccimatib.
Mr. Rooikviit offered a petition, the purport of
which could uot be heard from the confitaion prevailing
in the Mall, and moved that it.be ieferred.
Mr. Avna) ws objected to the reception of the petition,
and aiked the Speaker what was the tint business in
order.
The Smk) a mid the presentation ofpetitiona and memorial!
Irom the States in their order.
Mr. Adam* tail he would suggest to the Speaker, that
the first tiuiineii in order was the consideration of a memorial
which he hsd presented, praying that the -Jlst
rule may be rescinded, and that no invidious distinction
may ba made between petitiom for the abolition of
slavery, and ?ho?e for other objeets. This memorial he
hid moved should be referred to a select committee with
ins'ructions to report s resolution in conformity withthe
pi ay er of the petitioners. Upon this question he had the
( or, and yielded it to the Chairman ol the Commitieeof
Ways and Means (Mr. Killmore] to move the rsference
of the President's message, with the express assurance
on the part of the Speaker, that whenever that subject
was disposed of, the question would again corns up, as
.1 matter of course, and he [Mr. Adams] would be eutitled
to the floor.
The Spsakkb said there was a mistake as to the question,
and referred to the journal, by which it appeared
that Mr Meiiwether was entitled to the floor.
Mr. Adams-I appeal to the memory of the Speaker'
when at hi* instance I yielded the doorhc did not assure
me that I should have the iloor when the question was
disposed of. It was on that express assurance I yielded it.
The SrsAxin said there was a misapprehension ou the
p-rt of the gentleman from Massachusetts, as to the position
of the question.
Mr. Adams reiterated his former assertion, that he had
the floor, when the Ipnlar as.ured him that if he yielded
it to the gentlt man from New York, he should tie entitled
to tha floor when that question was disposed of ?
He now called for the performance of that promise on the
part of the Speaker.
The SrsAKcn said when the question was taken up, if
the gentleman from Massachusetts obtained the floor, it
should be accorded to him with pleasure.
Mr. Adams again re-stated the point, and said there
was now on the table of the House upwards of one hundred
petitions and memorials on the came subject, which
were laid over for the same reason, and could not be acted
on until the question to which he referred was decided.
He had a great number of petition* of the same
character aud ftr the same objects in his possession, and
he presumed that there were others in possession of
members, and he thought the best occupation for the
House this morning, would be to settle the question upon
the disposition of these memorials.
The Sri AKKR, after ogain stating the peaition of the
business before the House, said there was no difference
of opinion between himself and the member from Mas
sarhusetts,as to the subject matter before the House, but
only as to the form of the question. Y.irious memorials
and petitions for rescinding the *Jl?t ritle had been presented,
and a motion was made to refer these to a select
committee. The member from Georgia (Mr. Meriwether)
gave notice of his intention to debate the question of
reference, and tinon *h,a they were laid over under the
rule. The gentleman from Georgia was therefore entitled
to the floor.
Ma. Adams acquiessed in this decision, and called for
the yeas and aays on the question of reference, which
was ordered.
Mr. Mksiwkthkr then took the floor, asd said he had
no disi osition to enter into a protracted debate, a* he was
entirely toe unwell to do so. Me had intimated his intention
to debate the question of reference, n*t of aholi
tion; he never would debate that question here or any
where else. It was a matter with which this House had
nothing to do, nor any oth. rr, except his constituents, or
those who were similarly situated. When they were
compelled to debate that question, they would use other
arguments than words. Since the question was last before
the House, he had received letters from gentlemen
of the North, dissuading him from sgita'iug this question;
and representing that tbo<e who signed these petitions
were |>oor ignorant fanatics, who were entitled to
no consideration, and possessed no influence. He would
therefore refrain from any further discussion of this subject,
and would olfvran amendment to the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, which ho would send to
the Chair.
The amendment was read, and proposed to instruat the
committee to go into a general revision of the rules, to
restere the one heur rule, to abolish the previous ques
tioa, and to allow the Committee of the Whole to determine
the time at which the discussion of any subject
might be arrested, and the bill taken out of committee.
Mr. Adams objected to the instructions, that they were
out of order, as tha Speaker had decided that his motion
to instruct was aot in order on a motion for reference,
but must be put as a distinct question, and he withdrew
his motion to instruct. As to appointing a committee
for a general reviaion of the rules, the House eould determine
the propriety of it when they recollected the
course pursued towards the report of the last select
committee appointed on that subject. His friend from
Maryland ( Mr Johnson) had moved to make that re put
the order of the day for the next Thursday, and every
day then-alter until disposed of. and then contrived to
get rid of it by moving to lav it on the table. (Roars ol
1-iughter, occasioned by the manner in which theclosingremarks
weie delivered by the vanerabla member.)
The Rn ski a raid it had neaped his memory that he
had objected to the instructions, or that the member
from Massachusetts withdrew th< m, and he could find
nothing of it by a reference to the journal.
Mr. Adams ? If the Speaker did not tell me they were
in order, I did not withdt aw them. That is a fact
whether it Is enterel on the journal or not (Laughter/
Mr Wise wished to know whether the Chair had de
cided the point el order raised by the gentleman from
Massachusetts on the amendment offered by the membet
from Georgia (Mr. Meriwether.)
The Srs.AKra?The point of order Is withdrawn.
Mr. Adams. ?The Chair is mistaken. 1 did not with
draw it.
Mr. Wis*.?If the gentleman from Massachusctti
withdraws it, I renew it.
Mr. Adam*.?1 did not withdraw it.
Mr. Wise said he was opposed to the amendment, and
if the Speaker decided it te be in orter, he would voir
against it. What does it propos-to do ? To revise all
the rul< ? of the House, and this when there was ta majority
ou that floor opposed to them an a question of vital
interest to the South. lie. would sooner vo e lor tbf
motion of the gmtleman frcm Massachusetts, as that
was confined to or.s specific otj-'et, hut by the amend
m?nt the whole subject of the rules was thrown wide
open. It went for the abolition of 'he previous question
the re establishment of the one hour system, and neat
what he considered next in o-liousneas to the abolition
of slavery in this District, it went for abolishing the
right ol debate in tbis House by trampling on the mi
nnity.and giving the m joritj tha power of taking a
bill out of Committee ol the Whole whenever they
thought proper. If it was in order, he would debate i
now.
The SeiAKea said it was not in order.
Mr. Wise?Then 1 move to lay the whole subject or
the table.
Mr. Aanoi.a suggested to the member from 0eorgii
(Mr. M en wether) to modify his ameudmcut, by omitting
the instruction relative to the previous question.
Savanst. Voices.? It is not in order.
Mr Adams rose to u point of ordi r, that the gentle
man from Virginia could not make his motion to lay or
tho table, until the Spenker had decided tb point of or
der raised by hiai, on the amendment propos d by tiu
member from Georgi t, (Mr. Meriwether.)
The Spkaki asai l hu had already decided the point o
order.
Mr. Adams(with great animation)?The Speaker di
not decjde- He said he had decided, when he bal no
decided. (Loud cries of order, order, from all partsof th<
hall )
The Srasaita.?There will ho no difficulty betweei
tho venerable member from Massachusetts, and my
self.
Mr. Adams?Ths Spanker informed the gentlemsr
from Virginia, that ho h*J dieideil the point of orde:
nguia?t me. when ho had not done so. If he had I wo il
instiintlv have spiisslid from his decision. It was di
rer'ly the reveraa of thrd <.*i*i>:"* made, when aomednyi
since I propoacd to refer to the Select Committee wi'f
initructiona No<v sir, if the S te.iker choose* to di
ri.le ono thin); to-lay, ami another to morrow.?(Loar
criesof order, order, from i ll part*of the hull.)
Mr. Wi a called tlie gentleman from Masiachuaetts t<
or.li r, and t|>i>eal> J to the .iker. whether ho wouk
indulge him, or any other number on that floor,iu i
course of remark* ?o entirely disrespectful to the Chair
The Srr A*> a said the g?ntleman fiom M*?a.ichu?'A|
w ott'of orter, an.l meat take his aea". A* ' <)gln
gueition of fact h- tween lirem. he mint t>e P*,nj|j. ail(|
ay, that ithe honorable gentleman *i< mi*t?ltheJoniaal
sustained lilm in thi-impression. gtsertinn.
Mr. Attn.(much tullW.) 1 see i.ite ? i. .?
that th Speaker feci !? I on my motion towforder on a
Tructions, that the instructs weri rgp^irate mcion.
motion of reference, hut moat he put idfpuhli journal*
Kor the truth of this he apnr?|ed jgf aniy the Oiolie,
oftho day, the National luti I,i<i0tti"n< he had made,
which would ,H*tain I im in t 'i^?.(cri> * of order, order,
rot withstanding the J nirnai jefiall,completely drown1
order, resoua le l tiiroughu'ipem M..**uchut tta.)
' intrthu voicoof ihn mi lukJUrd. the question on laying
When or<!"r ha 1 N . jahle was It ci led ia thn ufhrm itho
w hole auhjec* on k.
tire Teas 1 |i, N?'p# aup.oiel the ne*t business In
Mr. tjioDinr.- ajpv*ition 01 a number of petition* and
order, waa th jj|m by himself and others oil the ?ir>.
meinot iail \<% fhle. which were laid over to await thn
ject ef thtcflansn on tha one pienrii'.cd by th. gentle
action ol^piasach'itet's.
m?n fi^Rata saol there were upwards oftw nty p"1
T^ithis *uMeCt, now in hl? praictiioB, which he
tlUggl to the Clerk.
WOin?i.[ moved to lay them all on the table.
Mr AnsN* drmandrd the Tea* nnd nay on laying tie
sVT*t petition on the table, (daughter 1
' Mr. Uam*i.b asked If the question wal divisible on
each petition.
The SrKsaan replied in the affirmative, anil the yras
a'd nay* were ordered.
Mr. W Ca?T Jotiaio* asked if these petitions wet"
not excluded undet the3l?t rule
The Hiaisti laid not, as they merely prayed for th?
re; eal of the 3lvt title, ami that abolition petition* might
be place.) on the sum loot.i t i.? others
1 tie tint petition was then announced a* a petitirn
fren, citi 'cnaofthc Pra.c of Onto, preying that Ike 31 t
rule may be reictnded. I
The and naya were taken ou the motion to iajr 1
It on the table, but prsfiou* to the result being as- I
ncuneed, m
Mr. Sti"?l? taid he wiihed the Spanker to inform hial
whether there waa no mode of compelling membeia who
were present to vote. He understood that there were V
certain ItmNlM it Mar'.in Van Burma, who wished to fl
make political capital out of thi* subject, and had not
voted on the question. He hoped they would be com- 1
pelled to TOte. 1
The Sresiaa sai l that by the rule the members pre- I
sent were compelled to vote unless excused by the I
Home, J
The rote was then announced to be?ayes IN noes S
87 ; no the petition was laid on the table. H
Mr. Atitai said he did not d> sire to consume the time V
of the House unnecessarily in calling the reus and nays; 1
but he was rerv anxious that there should he a little ac,. I
curacy in the keeping of the journal; (laughter)?ha I
wanted to know where these petitions were from, the
names of those who signed them, end their object, and ha
wished that the names of the petitioners be entered on
thejournal.
The SrcsxiR said the gentleman from Massachusettswould
not be gratified in his desire to hare the names of
the petitioners entered npon thejournal. (Laughter.)
Tho second petition was announced to he from eitiiens ,
of Oneida coanty, New York, also pray jug that the Slat 1
rule may be rescinded.
Mr. Stanley demanded the veal and nays on laying
tbii petition ou the table.
Several Voiiii. What's the use. Stanly 1 The yeas
anil nayi were taken on the last, and tliat'e enough.
Mr. Stihi.it ?There i? agieat difference between a
petition Itom New York and a petition from Ohio.
(Laughter.)
The y eai and nay a were then ordered.
Mr. RoatiTCLT hoped that the motion to lay on the
table would be withdrawn a moment, to enable hi a to
aay a few word* in explanation.
(Loud crieiof * No, no," " Let's hero your vote," and ^
much laughter.)
Mr. Roosetblt (aid he did net kno w the meaber whe
made the motion to lay on the table, but he would appeal
to hi* courteay to withdraw it for a tew momenta.
Mr Abams, (at the top of hia roieo)?I hope it will be
wilhdiawn altogether. (Roc.raot laughter.)
Mr. Gamble laid ha had made the motion te lay oa the
table, and could not, and would not withdraw it.
The question wa? theh taken on toying the petition
on the table, and it waa decided in the affirmative?ayta
107, sees ("3
The other memorials and petition! on the aame eubject
were taken up seriatim, and du|oatd of in tka aame
manner.
Ma. Arnold or Tissdir.! Letting oaf mobe Steam to
Save hit Boiler?Legislative Decorum aid Lkoislatite
Amiikmints.
Mr. Arnold said he waa about to maltr. a motion wLieh
he was afraid would give umbrage to his friend?, hot '
situated as he was. he felt compel! d to make the motion,
to nconsider the vote by which the portion of the Preaident's
message relative to the tariff was referred to the
Committee on Manufactures. He hod v.-ted with the ma- 4
j jiitv, and had a right to maka ti e motion. It would be
recollected that there was a little matter of dispute between
himself and the repieaentatn es fiom New Hampshire,
and aa it was now tho usual time for a journment,
he did not wish te deprive gentlenu u of their dinners,
but would merely beg the favor of ilia company of the '
Speaker, and the gentlemen from New Hampshire, and
they could settle Uiit little matter salisfacforily to themselves.
(Laughter.) He had done this that member*
might see he had no disjioutron to consume the time of A
the House. (Renewed laughter ) J^A
Mr. Wise inquired of the Speaker, if the vote was
' ken yesterday after the previous question had terminated
the discussion. M
The SrEAXca replied in the affirmative. J
Mr. Wise then asked if the previous qucotion did not
govern on the motion to reconsider, so that the motion
must bu taken without debate. Also whether it was optional
with the House, or with the member making the
motion, whether the reconsideration should be liscussad
now, or at ?ome future period.
Mr. Arnold said, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Wist] was the lastone who ihould object to the court*
taken by him, aa at the lust sea-ion, wh< n the Speaker
' decided in a similar cas* that the gentlr man from Virginia
[Mr. Wire] waa out of order, he hud taken an appoal,aad
thedtcision oi the Chair waa overruled.
Mr. Wise aaid, he had merely made an inquiry of th*
Speaker, and had intimated nothing. The gentleman
was going off of at half cock. (Laughter.)
Mr. Abmoi.d ?The gentleman ia mistaken. 1 always
make tire, and never go otT half cocked. [rtoart of laughter.]
Mr. Win inquired of the Chair whether the gentleman
from Tenneesee waa in ordei T
The SreiKca replied in the affirmative.
Mr. Asroi.d aaid he would not feel alighted if th*
mem her* did not atay and 'near him, hut preferred going
heme to their dinner*. He trusted they would excuse
the pertinacity with which ho had pressed this m ittar.
when they considered the position in which he waa M
placed. His Statu had been ferociously eaaailed, he had fl
been assailed, and his constituents had been assailed by
the honorable members from New Hampshire. In psrti- m
cular his democratic constituent* had heen assailed as f m
ignorant and uneducated, and if he should remain silent s
it would he said that he would not do for hi* democratic ,
constituent* what he would have done hud
whigs. Now he would ge a* far for his democratic eonitituenta
as his whig constituents; on th ; floor he kh'tiw
no difference between them. He thought that the remark
of the gentleman from New Hampshire. (Mr. Burkt) considering
|his position, a very unfortunate oi-o for a
him. ^k
Mr. Kdui'sd Braua inquired if the di mocratie portion ^^k
ol the gentleman's constit in nts were the only cm > I) H
could neither read nor write. I
Mr. Arrold said ha wauld come to that by and V*
the course of hia remarks, and he would show th#
constituent! were as intelligent and enlightened#
irhiil'H .int? of the learned State of Now Hainf[Laughter
] There was years since_gjd*rtMf
ad Irishman, who waa nam'd It u i V F.umund7 ^
too, as I am reminded?who was a very learned si,'*"
br ited man. There wm also u Scotchman nisird' '
who w us also very distinguished, bet in a some*
ferent line. Now ho did not wish to violate thw;1
the House ?but he would t>e obligi d to the men?rt,m
^ New Hampshire, if he would infvrm him and ?5U*?
from which of these distinguished individuals Ml'***
his lineage. [Much laughter, a nljcrics of "orf*l.
1 Mr. Burrr sani he supposed ?s tne member f 'n
qn?s ioa, he would like to hawan answerl / H
Mr. Arrold aaid he would.
1 Mr. Beast said he would idswer it in thd'?j * "" I
Itces usually answered a que^ion, and that why ask
ing another. Now he woi*d esk thu geatpen from
which ofthe Arnolds, ccleti/ated or notorlotf he dr*w I
' his lineage. [Great laugher ] I
Mr. Arnold aaid that wap* New Himpshli pod* of
' getting out of difficulty. /Icregrstttd to seelbdtg',,"e" I
uian so uneasy, and was ping on to a?y , if nolad nat
I), en interrupted, that f/mthe previan# condulWf th#
mem) er to him and hinftonstituents, that h* wi a *
scendantof the Scatchl'trke, the resurrectioni* who
went about with a gainC of banditti, lobbing |rates of
' thei- dead bodies, and yhen they Could rot obtain he** H
th'-y murdered live oide, threw them iuto a bag, anddia
posed of them to the. licior*. The gentleman had tied H
' t? Burke bim, but hadmade au ui fortunate blunder,\nd
Burked one of hia svh political friends h* meant H
Dew. of hit State I/gitUturr ? h?- " rtaurreciea" am, mm
| a.i.l 1,8(1 to inter h/tn ngain. (Or<at laughter.) Re
[ would now thow ro*iediirr*par.cii>f which the hoaoraMe
member frem New Hair, public had ! >II *n in'n, and
fint at to hit politiacl friend in the Teucetree LegialaMr.
Bowvt here roue to a point of order.
Mr. Ariold laid k wat rather lata iu the day to do
that. (Laughter.)
' Mr. Bomkk aahi he rould not discover any relevancy
' in theremarkt of the member from Tenntuee to the
queetion pending. The dignity of that Houee.et well
b< of the nation, demanded that sneh a eeurc > of Jehate.^^H
should be arretted. He called upon the Speaker te eon-^^H
1 fine the member te 'be euhject hi fore the House.
Mr. Bi-ttt appealed to hit friend from New York
withdraw hit jmint of rrdrr. Th.t gei tieman frem Ten*
1 nessee(Mr. Arnold) felt himself e.'^tie- rd.tud he hoped
he would here full liberty in bin n mirk".
| Mr. Bowm: ttid he could not wi'Iu'raw hit question of
orJer. He had been ehtent, owing to domestic miifor
tow, when the d bete on thi <; u uoe of reference had
taken eo wide a raage; hot he dul r.nt het.tat* to pro
niunce it impropet, h.kI justice to th. n.telved eod the I
1 country required thst it rhonld t e put ?n end-io- H
Mr. Srsoi.v aaid if this point of or'e. ha/been made a I
week ago, * h< n the Jiscusi on was en c^'rig to wiJe a H
I lti'Uije. he would litre ttor.d hy the .< Aiber from .New H
York. But the honorable memtv' ,^>1 Tenneaa. e had H
1 be, n aaaailed, and now for honnin'/* meatbera to inter- H
pote t point of order to rhi. Id thi e/!'?'il;cti friendt u at H
I neithit gi neron* nor just. / H
The Si, nil ttid the detiatrfr'. *' n-otion ft>r r-fcr
. ere- hsdtsrumed a rery ff'Jtf , 'Jv' *hirb wat inef- Bfl
fi-ctmlly attempted to be,^'1 1 >' ?'ie of hit col- H
leagues, (Mr. Aantrw ?J ' *n,?'niei) having been in- I
, dull ml lit Ike T1 noon Jr.. itr?Meted W
r th i: the gentleman , ' nuikti-o 'Mr. Ahold,) waa h
titled to U.? un/'"1 ." ik-i-, thertforej el led
that he waa in u(f ., . , , H
, Mr. Vf. O-J*1 r? .V'! J" U fonprll.d te appeal
i'mm Hie duff?|n, Speaker to th. llr,,,He
i' oimht ggf^w',1 " "*? hy ni-y. end their own
, i" ''y ihjt 1 u ef debate ihould H
w*a r reminded the gentlemen from North Care I
1 J"*1 > 4n'1 ,h<- the aeaeelt%Ta I
I JTlrt: mule on thogentUm.u. lrc.Tonneeaee.hy the I
' tTOm New "*n,I?!' ii .-it they h ?! o.I^^B
yr -|,elled the itratill he had tint iu> on their Sta^HH^H
Mr. Wkk would Fiiggeit to .Speaker
e th? i, H
In). alt- deti-rmini-dtha' the di?c>^PMm|[^^^^^^^H
try of which hat been ap .?om| j itifictt^^^^^^l
the courre now attempted to he , | t,T th?
Mp ra< mber from Ttnneaieo, ahon Id trrrlnt'r.
: I'll) w -pi -ktioa. nn .tie he.d. d
thgfBtltmn alionld be permitted ?< pmeeed in thht irrernUr
manner. olhi r ir.emlieii uaiiid infill on tho fl
l ire latitude of rt-nark in reply, and lUuenwno know- I
I. i? v here it woulJ atop. H
Mr.Oif.Micn atked if the Chair Lai not decided that I
t)i* gentleman from Trnnriff wis out cf order. H
Th# Srnnrr. rep'ied in the negn.ien H
Mr. OiLMr.n.? Then, (hough (ho gentleman i? not H
itrloflv in order,Did rhair fermitt Ihoi to proaoad, I <w H
ctnae irrelevancy wao indulged in l ie debate. which- H
h' itnkm pi sen on the motion to u-f-r thai ?ubj?ct. H
The Srraara *u about to n ply. w ' eu H
Mr. W. O. Bi tlkr laid- llavi I n right lotnkr the ap- H
p< ;>l from the decision of the chail 1 H
T'u Brim a?Certainly. H
Mr. W O. Bi ti.'b-1Then I inn:? on it! being pet. a ml H
that it betaken by yea* and nry*. B
Mr KiLLMnar referred to ttaeiu'ir to rbow that t'.e B
Speiker'a dec uion rould not he ">t <"d.
Mr. (>n uta raid if ho underlie* ' Jm u mirki uf ,ne H
chair, he ad ml* ted that tb>- gentl rnu fi< m Tennowaeo B
ws? not in order, and yal he p>n> iftid him to protend.
Now he wlahrd to know cl II.? r ho i h i-ra h? got the -^B
HU'h. rilT to permit a dehn'e to ptoei , I which waa not ^B
Htnr'ljr lr or.h rl The Mount La* conferrod no auoh an- ^B
thoiiir on the Bpeaknr.
I"- r flrnaaaa laid that tho Hn?n>",hy nermilliugapenkrr
tf'e-aprcker to wander ft em'ho aiil.j .-t matter oft he
debate, had llaeif aauetioned the irrea.nl nit jr. until It
wna *oo late 'a err'it it withou' areim tg uufairnma to ^B
thote who felt themaelri a aggri vt <!
Vr-eraftBt" obi rratloe* from ?e?ernl -n tnheia, there
tv?s u Icitt'l cry of ' dueatioti " _^^B
1 he Bruit a-aid the question waa on the appeal. ^II W. W. Ibwii* said he should vote to sustain the orI
' . of the chair, lor the ptir|>oia of hearing what the
I t iemsn from Tennessee (Mr. Arnold) ha.l to ?ay ?
m ?le? of a t>-uu: 11 ul r.'.tsuii " J
A Mr. W. 8isim, of Virginia, sai l ^e understood if the
I * 'icition of lha chair sboul I they were again to go
Ato the whole asl'ject ami to proceed ai if they had r.o
H rule* at all. He wtolM, M. t hat th.-object of this
procei ding vat to allow th' ir-nlemiB from TenU?M
I (Mr. Arnold) to fettle hi'd ft'-reucr* with the gentleman
ft? rflTT Iff Jlfllin Now vec-they convened there
an ler all the autho 'ity of the constitution,toonea a field
rouble gentlemen to s -ttle tli. ir private diffVrrncvs?
I was it to he opened to enlighten the public mind,or to
I fettle private feudt T Were iliey to take a ftart again
I lot* the bread oc.an from which they had fo recently
arrived' The qu stiun waf on the appeal, and he could
I only lay that if the debate were re opened, he ahould
be desirous to make some remarks himself.
I Mr. Stamlv faid that this waa only to be an " extra*'
I allowance, because the gentleman from Tenaetfee
I ftood in a peculiar positiou. (Thia wai understood to he
I a "hit" at Mr. Smith, whose suin'yuet ii faid to be " K.x
I tra Billy Smith.'')
I Mr. Smith fail, perhapf the gentleman from North
I Carolina (Mr. Stanley,) hsd hotter make an explanation,
I Br when a proper time came, he would give that gentleI
man an "extra allowance."
I Mr. Staxlv As soon as veu please , I shall be readr.
I " Mr. Paorrir hoped th House would fee the necessity
I of coming to scm thing like order in the course of the
I next six months. (Laughter.) lie wished to ask the
I Speaker whether this deha'e was, or was not, strictly
I in order, and whether it could now he pursued because
ft the Chair originally allowed it to go on. Here gentleI
men desired to spea't?one that he in ight answer the
I gentlemen from Tenneas -e on the ditferenca of opinion
existing respecting that Sta'e and New Humnthire. and
the superiority of their common schools?auotner might,
with equal propriety, go into the subject of finance, or
the (subject of issuing Treasury notes, and all on the
question whether a part of the President's Message shall
be referred to the Committee of Ways ond Means, or to
the Committee on Manufacture*. Now he wished the
people to understand the question, and to know by whom
the time of the House is waste 1, and to etfest that ohjec',
ha should call for the ayes and noes on tha appeal.
Mr. Arnold said, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say one
word in reply to the gentleman from Indiana. Mr.
Speaker you were raised in the West, and you were
raised in a log cabin, an 1 DO doubt you base seen a hungry,
half starved mouse come creeping to a trencher for
a morsel of bread?ami such animals von have seeu en
this floor. (Laughter.) There is another animal Mr.
Speaker, which is seen about the time that peaches begin
to fall
Mr. Bows* called the member from Tennessee to or.
der.
Mr. Arnold, what is the point of order 7 1 was only
talking about a Western animal. (Laughter.)
Tha SpRiKcs said the gentleman from Tennessee had
apoken once and could not speak again.
Mr. Qilmrb ? Mr Speaker, I desire to make a sugges
tion? (Question, question ! Order, order !)
Mr. Arnold?If the rule is not but for me, I call the
gentleman from Virginia to order.
Mr. Bows* rose, and desirrd te say a few words, but
he did not propose to detain the House long on this subject.
He wished only to state tho reasons which induced
him to call the gentleman to order, and to make an
appeal from the decision of the Chair. The House had
passed some eight or ten daya of its time in the discussion
of the question to w hat committee the rules of the
House apportioned the President's Message. Upon that
s \ question every tingle subject that could be imagined
| had been discussed and examined; they had had personal
allusions, crimination re crimination, and this day
the House had been converted almost iuto a bear garden.
I And while gentlemen were allowing themselves to indulge
in tucn language, where was the dignity of the
representative body of the people of the United States?
They were there assembled as the people's representatives,
and they heard from every side of that Hall the
ry go forth tnat the people ere in distress, and that they
are greening under distress from one end of the land to
tho othe-, that ruin stares them in tha face?nay, that
their very government had become insolvent, and its
wheels were stopped, so that the officers of thegovernsneut,
down to its very clerks, could not receive their
poy; nad what were the people's representative* doing?
Why, sitting there wasting their timo in profitless and
useless discussion?a discussion, a portion of which
might be very appropriate at the proper time, bat it win
wholly irrelevant and out of placethen. And now what
was the question before the House? Why, after the
Speaker had indulged a latitude in debate, until he
did not feal justified ia stopping it, the House, by a
solemn vote, said it had heard enough. When the house
sustained the previous question, they decided that they
had heard euough, an.l they solemnly disposed of it ?
Bat what now was proposed? Why a gentleman got up
and moved e reconsideration?not that he intended to
vote for the reconsideration?but to get an opportunity
Ia Antar (n4n ititfuPtinr>sifl hatrnfOAn Kim Qnrt ?(hnr? anil to
inflict upon the Houie speeches such a? the Home had
heard from him many a day. Hit intention wae not to
enlighten the Hause, but avowedly to make a personal
attack on an individual member of the home. And what
did the apeaker decide? Why that Mhc dobate waa not
atrictly in order, hut as it had pregreaaed ao far he waa
not entitled to atop it. Before the qneation waa taken
the diacuaaion was submitted to, but when the question
asaa settled and the discuaaiod waa ended, it struck him
the decision was a singular one in the extreme. The
diecwa<ion waa out of order and not to be tolerated,
and as had been remarked by a gentleman
from Virginia, the holidays were over, the first
thirty days of the S -ssion were passed, and the people
called upon them to go to work and not wasto their time
on suck matters. Ha hoped, for the hunor of the Houah
. and the credit of the nation, the decision would not be
sustained, and that the House would say that it had hid
enough of this.
Mr. Barton said self respect should prompt them to
put end to this, and therefore he moved an adjournment,
which was agreed to.
Philadelphia.
(Correspondence ofUie Herald. 1
Fhij.adii.phia, Jan. 5, 1S12.
Ul. BxiSNXTT?
The Governor'* Message has not yet been delivered,
tba Senate not having elected a Speaker,
after many tie votes?the federalists have adhered
to Ewing, the democrats have tried Couptand,
Dimmiak, and Fleming, bnt each ballot of yesterday
resulted in a tie, fifteen to fifteen The
message will be delivered to-morrow, and shall
he with you in lime for next day's paper. It
ia the most difficult matter in the world, for
the secret conclave of the present managers of the
United States Hank to raise the Iea-t dast, by
which they shall escape the merited odium which
will ever attach to them. The people have had
duct enough thrown into their eyes from that quarter;
they have played will-o'-the-wisp, and led the
good people far enough into the swamp. Their
tool, AmtiaMontgomery, has written tho Attorney
General a letter, which I give you below, marked
A. It is the last effusion of an unforgivirg spirit,
fatally bent upon mischief. If he be honest, a id
wishes to punish the offenders, let him take the
entire whig party of the country, or their repre.
sentatives, all ihc directors of that rotten corporation,
from the commencement of the war between
t it and the government, up to the present tirac; hut
\ most of all those of recent date, who, with their
\ eyes open, havu done deeds, at which hoacsty
J stands back aghast, and cries for vengciaio ? and
if victims roust be offered a sacrifice, let the deliberately
guilty quail before their injured and in
suited fellow citizens, nor hope to laise false
issues with suecess. The people are on thj alert,
and they rosy rest assured that thev will not be
permitteJ quietly to maintain each member >f their
families, by useless offices with high salaries, at
the expense of the people in general Tho stockholder*
care very little ab.mt it?they are sure to
get nothing The late investigating ami dividend
coram it tee have much to answer for to ihe poor,
who took their notes on the faith of their report,
which iris since proved false to the lettrr. They
took the funds and divided it; the people trok their
notes and lost their money?now of whom shall
they complain?
Mr. Austin Montgomery was *n?wtrcd by the
Attorney General, Obed. F Johnson, a crpy of
which letter ie below, inaiked |{ It is ju-.t snrh a
letter :n Wi> snioht tin . < la.ilrr <1 l"..r ..I;,.
tinguiahed an l able s'ateare.'ti. nt'il al njje'hre \r?Ttliy
I lie hijfh m i'l nuporiaut niBec 1? Alii Dilh id
much credit to hiauelf uWfvmertothf Slate. Mr
Johnson is a plain. utia**??iTiinjjiiiati, atiih a gigantic
intellect which at oner comprehend* and settle* the
nnit ini;N'i'tiut iiihj*Cii. Ho ba* been r??idin' in
I fliilcJolpiiia but a shnr* ti'ne, s.nd i kno r 110 roa.i
who ha* Aincd ?o rapidly upon the alf.-c'iou* cf
oar citizen*. UtatLfott.
1 (A)
v ' Ph:i.au?.i.?hu, Tanuar} 3 1MJ.
r Our F Jnn.AfoN?
8:n ?
I be*t leave to inform foil, n* the AMorney G"nerrl
of Hie < < mrioneenl'U of Pennr/1' unt*. that 1 iu d.i iron*
a 11 randjr, tin.'er\oui direction, touek oath be.
fare the lte?ori*er of t.ii* city for tf in'iiingnl n warl
rat ?k ?iia: Nichols* IJIJdia, jomnh t'ovi ;.ei'.l,watte,
8 i*0'-l I..uilor. John Ai.di . .? ?, n:u( I .jinn* O-tniap for
p cio-r ' ?? )' ? ' i n 1 tke rti, Whol leih ol'tke Ueitui
.Viuti Bv.il ef thefl'p'rt'f r?iin*>)',ania.
Rerptotfally i ov.r ch -jifTU ??rvint.
AU?TIN* MONTGOMERY.
r, P ?V. .'rcarr to 1.. I jx>- uue.l li>r Hiipii.uteii lij.
on the heart r t .dai < tr.i I.ecor.ior, :?Mo*.% lOimp
ton,?. Iwa>-'V vtol =. J n * S \re i.iM, jo?ht'a I. pt do
c -u. J naU.8! Pa tera-m. Tlmmaa i'?j lor/Yili.min lir*y
tea. Joseph' r! ol,.to lacy Ki.'ii r. Pi Miatd P. is.*, Goo?
I.jady, CaKb t. John It. NtlT.
rui
Attio ht Qtmia'a Orrn r i
PhiliMi.Lrnu, January >, i ui. {
An?rn Mgrrr.OMci i 8ia?
li rrjly to four note to me, dote J on the third in*?,
and jirt Into my o-k. yaatur tay. info' .nirir ran ihai you
"me deilrot-r i. H rc? ty, uo >r mydlie lion, to n.i.Vt
oftat'.'o.n :lu K?c?rJ r c-t this i ity lor the iiMiiog ol a
? arte it ?g al tat \ir LeV. - B d ile dni i l. Co'a pe; Ihwail".
Vomaul Jic on John Andr-vra, and rho naa O inlap, fur
a conio-rhry to d> fian i tp?s stock hoi I raof the l"n in'
Slstra C r';." I t me oce ition to apprize jr.u that u*d? i
tli? lure! tliLe n. ionwi al'h, yon have a ri^ht to ]
elit.i.e inch proci-dlvK* aayou di r m propsr,l> fori e>%
magUtiatoyuu m*> rhoo>e to *ul> .-t. ?*ai; ?t ilroae (eiaona
oi any other , v. ho >on h??e n naoii to lellnn ire
uuilty ol any infiee ion ;-f the ,.r a t J ' or. It t : a n-vi r
I. Lteiuuderetood tc he tlia dn'y,iior i 1 vsau.d it, iu
tbts nature of the case be poMible, fur the Attorney
iieral to take the personal direction of criminal prorc
iu^s before the committing magistrate*. To tha magi
trates theniselvi a, win) u? well a? the Attorney Oeuen
an bound te see the laws faithfully enforced, haa th
duty heen confided ; and they. aidel by the proaecuto
or ruinplaiiianta, and ?uch profesaionsl advisers as tin
see fit to employ, have been alwaya found adequate
protect the public interests and maintain the integrity
the laws. Should the proceedings vou contemplate r
suit in the binding over af the individuals accused, t
answer nt the proper court, it will tin n become my dm
to .lasuaie the immediate d rectiou of the proaeeulio
and 1 shall promptly perform it, .11 this ai in all othi
like cases.
Youra, Ac. respectfully.
OVID F. JOHNSON.
Philadelphia.
It'orrojpondence of the llerahl ]
Phiudiip 1 Jan. 5,1842.
1 here will prnbablj lae no message from Go)
Porter to-day. The Senate had not organized 1
the latest dates from ilarrisbtirgli. One of th
v?"svi??mc uicuiucrs, wuu loias me Dsutnce <
power, is cutting tantrums.
A strong effort is waking here to obtain the ri
peal of the laws of this State which sutborize th
punishment of death. The feet that Shunter, an
Mrs. Davis, are now under sentence of death, an
the intimation from the Executive that they wi
be pardoned if the law should be repealed, wi
whip the advocates of repeal tap to renewed exei
tion. A town meeting is called for Monday evi
ning next, and I havn no doubt will be largely a
tended. The punishment of death belongs not t
the present enlightened age, and it is understoo
that the Governor will lend nil his influence in fi
vor of the object sought. Benevolence and amiabl
goodness of heart aro the leading and most con
mendable traits in Gov. Porter's ckar.cter.
Our theatres are miserably attended thepresoi
week. Last night there were not enough in tl
National, the Chesnut, and the Walnut, to make
respectable audience for a good stock compan;
The play ef the "Avengor," at the Chesnut, la
night, waa performed but indifferently well. M
Butler and Mr. Richings were almost ^ie on I
characters who knew their parts. At the Circs
the bouse was crowded to the very dome, and man
went away noablc to obtain a sight of the perforn
ances. At the Chesnut street theatre, to-morro'
night, the veteran Wood takes a benefit, with a
attractive bill, and will doubtless bare a crowdc
house.
There was a further falling ofl* in the priec <
stocks, to day, ospecially in State Fives, wbic
were freely offered, at the close of the Hoard, t
33 1-2. The impression is daily streaghening, tLithe
State interest will net be paid in full oath
1st proximo, though the transfer books closed t<
day.
We are going to have one of (ho grandest frolic
on Monday next that has come off for some time,
allude to the grand opening of the Philadelphia an
Pottsville Railroad tnen to take place, with soin
grand accompaniments. Cars will be provided fc
2000 persons, to be drawn to this city bv one engini
a. ,i 11in --- i?..us ?oso r
.?? .uauvu itiiu wiv uiui wi cuai, i res
from the mines, will be drawn also by a tingle ei
gine, to give our citizens tbe first earneit of th
blessings of cheap fuel, and plenty of it, at all set
aoni. On tbe following day tbe Company purpot
returning to Pittiville, to partake of the hospital
ty of tbe Coal Region, which hai been handsomel
tendered to them on this occasion. The dianc
and ball will be every way worthy of the occasioi
The former, from the cuisint ol Johnson, of th
Pennsylvania Hall, I'll insure. The latter canac
fail to be most interesting, for the Knights of th
Black Diamonds are -'tout au fait'* to the enaetio
of the genteel thing in matters of that sort. Bi
sides, there is a kindly feeling among them toward
this company, who, like themselves, have stru)
gled against pecuniary difficulties with gigantic ei
terprise and energy.
The spirit that prevails in this country now,mui
destroy the system of false credit and fictitious pr
ces, ander which foreign goods have been enable
to check the growth of home manufactures D
ring the next five years what an increase must tab
place in this department of national industry! I
there a man, who thinks at all upon the subject,thi
cannot see this 1
The Presbytery of this cry are in session,havin
commenced yesterday at the church of the Rei
Mr. Boaraman. Rev. Mr. Tudchopc, Moderator i
the Chair?Rev. Dr. John McDowal1, and Rev M
Hoge, Secretaries. Rev. J. B Finney, of th
Presbytery of Ohio, being present, was iavited I
sit as a corresponding ro-mber. The most impo
tsnt business was the proceedings on the request <
Rev. Azariah Pryor, who asked leave to resig
bis pastoral charge of the Second Congregation, i
Southwark, assigning his reasons for the reques
A communication was alto reoeived from the coi
gregation referred to, containing their proceedin)
in reference to this application, at a meeting hsl
onMoudayof this week, which prnecedine-t wei
read, and from which it appeared' that theconer
f atian, while they expressed their affection for M
Pryor, and their confidence in him, had at the sail
time acquiesced in hia application.
An interesting discussion smued on thia anplic
tiun, in which several ui mberi of the Preabyiei
took part. Itfoema that much difficulty ha* e:
isted in the congregation under the charge of M
Pryor for some time, the precise nature of whic
was not stated; and that a committee of investigi
tion on the subject was appointed by the Presb;
tery at its last session, which committee ha* m
yet reported The subject was finally postpone
to 3 P. M., to enable the committee to report. >
which time, Mr. Jones made a report, in which tli
Her Mr. Pryor was censured as "indiserect an
inefficient," a* regards his pastoral relations wit
that church, though disclaiming any intention I
impeach his moral character. The question on tli
adoption of the report gave rise to an animated an
interesting debate, which continued until the tini
of adjournment (G P. M ) In the course of tk
diteutaiou, Mr. Pryor complained that the ri
poit did bim great injustice?and that a rat
large proportion of his congregation would sustai
kiin in this assertion. No decision was reached i
adjournment
The marines have nearly all been removed fro
the navy . ard at this place, in order to man 01
vessels of war. Not enough remain to watch tV
yard, and the officers are now engaged in emplo;
I ing watchmen from among our citizens for I hi
purpose.
Baltimore.
tCorrespenJenrc of the Herald.]
Baltimore. Jan 5 1812, 9 A. M.
Mr HurroR:
A ditirite action has at last been had by our Cit
Council, relative to the Kailroad sti ck orders, i
bill parsed both brunches Ins' night, allowing fiv
percent interest on them from the first of Januurj
13-11, and prospectively until funded. A miffi ie?
time has not elapsed this morning to estib'ish a
operating rate, hut it ij b*li"vsd tint ilie order
will uad rgo an improvement of four or five pe
c*nt belore the day closes.
The County Crurt has adjourned until Thursda
nex', owing to the want of a .Sheriff- The presec
incumbent has not yet been able to chain bonds.
The bu'! given by the In !.-pendent Blues, las
| ifght, at the Washington Hall, was a superlativel
i magnificent affur. Seldom have 1 seen a hanc
somerset of ladies thanwir* present And hot
I t'rrny did dance! Tim nymph of Calypso, wit!
i angel wines,could not have tripp-d the gay valooi
. more nimbly. To I >ok at tli d ;r creatures slin<>3
induce d the fancv fiat I i > ??? ?
----- <? own > T IIVII1UI' '
j world, inh?l?iby beings tratv-Tndiiijt in Inveli
, nr.--i, tho?e tA fnu nrma. Tli* lord* of creiiioi
too. otnam,,oted as they were, hi military costunv
inane a iiioet formidable .tnd *old''-r like uptie.tr
ant;.?. I'.vcrythinR front the alp n to ihe ?>niei?n
want ?>if iuwyle, and wi'h irre.?t c-eriit to the an
cien'. honorable u id rejected toroa, the ludcpend
Ct.t
The tlo ir and 1 ain mailt eta are very dull. Tli
tr n*actiiita have been so fevv t??r some day a pitint
it lias bi'tn slim-"" impus-iLle to yet fair ijuota
liana. Fiour \*
I rpiot.- t'X'- lapf:'- on Sn'r Yo'k 4! t43 ** premium
L'ln adelp'ii.. I j i"2 iiacotint; \ irgir.m 2 7 MS 1-* do
spu if liil-i jitniiin n.
Ni'.hini; > i apeoU 1 interest ins been rre i\ed frnn
Annapolis, iv,r ie there anything wmidnfu! in lorn
affairs, I have no time to tay more than 'hat w?
Itavi .ib? 'Utif il nuriiin^,' and t:old. Uuaineet
U telerab y busk Yiwr*, Twwt
i n-r HmiiH Tvr?raiAnoth -r brillia.it audience
j *n 'tracte 1 it thia tbi atr? l.iat evening. hjr tliegr,in<1
| ifectmle oi Ma/ pp., the cn r* f i oi which hai bter
ii ... I ':i tb? t ntorpriafng ntanogor. and -<ra: ity iug v
alt numoroti* patron* TIj Vrrirte rit?ht of the hen,
tip *t.v|i Vialfor it * iv arty rivtv inr< in lii'igkt. with Mn
* pp> lrvn' l to his len k, tho' til be r.eetl by every lovi i
of ti ru - J me. A Jit. *iiU and hiM i^tite lull i* [>r<
tei'lo l thi* iivenir r. eon*UU.i?r at the above piece,'h'
ipimrtie Irama nftlie'.ady < I tlie Lake, with Mr. Sco t
? lt",|. . m iibu,11. p r| in whi.'h hi >tan<ii nni quailed!
ante ?.>rb ilpguiin LI. *11. nV l.iumn ilrjttij of t
1'". " eo' tb. a bttwr cntriUlnrnimt com Id n I be nw
* nti I. 1
fsT" It-inre'* llyglan Hoi hntnd r?nJy It pr?fe*nl4
t > nil otboi k lor cold i. lo'igi,* bml iio?r*?.ir*t, now to
.ni l 1. Ili.teri then to tt o corner of Droailtt ay no.
Hon ?H ttre.'f, si,| |,i|y of H K Howe, -ale ,ur,-ntor mi
pror ittor. I'. v re of 'nnfci* mid drugged f u..!lei, a
wlii-u U\??t are ?cv?jriU arietfe* in the market.
1 I II
To lll? Public,
Orrice, )
I" Jj.iuaiy 4h, lull- )
' Within the last ten diys, there bare been in this city
' lorty one cases of sickness caused. nstheaitrnjant phy
* liciini (grer,hy putoa, An examination into the suby
ject has established, to my satisfaction, that the poison
? wa? contained iu imoked titcC The beef allud< d to bail
" abluish, unhealthy appearance. Theotj ct o! this t.olice
ia In caution the public to inspect tuiohed beef ho
fore u-ing it. and to use nonu except such "ns has the or
}' dinarv healthy appearance. The herf has been tr.i? d
u> to different ftorea, and to different smoke houses, indu
ir cingtbe belief that it was either from diseased animals,
or tli it the b*ef was partially spoiled before being ftnok
eJ Experiments are basing made with it,the result of
which will be communicated. None of the poisons affecud
have du d of tliir poison, ulthough many of them
were dangeiously ill.
ROBERT H. MORRIS,
Mayor of the city of New ifork.
r' (try- Tli# citizens of the Third Ward are requested to
it attend a public meeting on Thursday evening, the O h Ine
staut, at halt past 7 o'clock, at Dttnning's Hotel, corner of
, i'ourtlandt and Waihington streets, iu relation to the
" Niw Vois tso EhisIUilsoio.
Egbert Benson, John A. UudcrwOoJ,
Ogden liaggerty, Smith & How e,
James Mr tiride, Kenshoiv Ik Knapp,
e N. H. Aspinwall, Samuel Mettler,
j Charles Stetson, Smith Dunning,
M C.Patterson, Bush & Hilly or.
t* Wm B Coucni, 8. T. Caswell,
11 Daniel Stanton, T. St A. S Hope,
II John Campbell, Hugh Martin,
J. I1'I|1|'0CK * nan, ? x J. J .unison,
VanVlietA Wickofl", J. 0 Fowler,
Van Wagner U Tucker, Hoppork Si Co.
Jamen llill, Chnce & Alger,
Jason H. Bockovcr kCo. Nash. Beadlester fc Co.
0 B A. Mayrean, S.S. Swiet,
. JhiuciJ. Broas, H Van Every,
J Joseph Inland, A. B. Buys,
i- Janivi Van Nottrand, F.llis I'attur.
e
(tt/- Railroad Mkktiro ? Niw Yokeirs Arouse!?
The citizens uf the First Ward are invited to attend r
PuMic Meeting to be held a, the Broad Street House oil
Thursday evening, the 8th instant, fur the purpose of
11 adopting the roost < tf. c'.ual plan for the oomidetiou-nf
e that great national work, the "New York and K.rio Kailroad
" Those . citizens of the First Ward who are unwilling
to be robbed of the trade of the Great West by
T- the Bostonians, will manifest it by attending this meetit
The meeting will be addressed by several able speakr
ers, who will point out the importance of this great road,
w and the absolute necessity of its early completion.
New York, Jan. 5th, 1843.
* .Committee.
y J. P. Phoenix, A. W. Cozzens,
Stephen Whitney, J. D. Van Buren,
W. A. F. Pentz, A. H. Mickle,
r B.C. Marsh, Stephen R Harris,
? Thos. Gale, J. S. Gilbert,
George F- Talmsn, John Hillyer.
d W. E. Wilmerdiug, Calvin Baylis.
W. Wain Drinker,
1 0f7" Bowzav Amphitheatre.?An entire new bill of
t entertainments it offered here this evening, including a
t a grand combination of novelties of every description,
apdertuiiiing tosncb an establishment. The celebrated
T. V. Turner appears in a new and spbndil act4.u1
' d the whole strength of the highly talented company
willbe broaght out.
s ___________
I ,Ct7- Dn. P. Ali er Pai)nor k, one of the mott talented
d physicians of the day, has used Sherman's Cough Lot
r.engea, with the greatest success, and considers them as
r decidedly the best cough medicine he evor knew. These
Lozenges are sold at 106 Nassau street, 110, 273 and 44'J
P Broadway ; IBS Bowery ; TTJKast Broadway ; 221 BleecII
ker ; 227 Hudson street, N. Y. ; ;>8 and 130 Fulton St.,
'* Brooklyn. fihsL'tl
e ____________
OtJ- For Hatara.?Passengers per the Packet, which
c sails this day, are relerred to the card of Mrs. West, on
1- the last pege of to-day's paper.
V ????????
I. MONEY MARKET.
e Wednesday, Jan. 3?A P. M.
e A moderate business was done at the Stock board, and
n prices generally gave way. Delaware and Hudson fell
>. J; Indiana bonds {; Illinois J; Harlem Railroad J; Long
s Island 1. Sales of bills on Philadelnhia 4 ocr cent.
;* At New Orleani the effort* of the strong bank* at reaumption
have been the cauae of great excitement. In or^
tier to get clear of the weak bank* the other* found it
j. necessary to refuse to receivo their bill* on Jepoiite or
d in the payment of note*. Thi* created an excitement,
l- which the bank officer* had not nerve enough to resist,
8 and it is to be regretteu they were frightened into a re*
linquiihment of their reiolution, and again reaeived tho
notes. The Bank of Louisiana alone had the moral
g courage to reiiat, and a New Orleans paper state* that a
\ eenllemanl whose note'fell due at that institution, had
n tho folly to sue the hank for damages, because it refund
' the bill* of the disorelited bank*. The note* of the
? Atchafalaya, the Orleans, and the Exchange Bank,
k. are offered in Wall street at Ualfl per cent discount.
)f The Auburn and Rochester Railroad Company has den
clared a dividend at 0 per cent., payable 1st ef January,
n to stockholders on the boeks in thi* city, at the Bank of
' the State of New York The Trustee* of the New York
Life Insurance and Trust Company k .ve declared a semij
annual dividend of six per cent payable oa the 10th inst.
-e Washington Marin* Ins. Co. six per aent for the last six
6- months, payable on the 10th inst. The Merohants' Ma
f* rine Ins. Co. five par cent, payable on and after this day.
18 The Merchants' Exchange Bank has declared a semiannual
dividend of 9 per cent payable after 10th inst.
In the report of the UniteJ States Bank committee of
investigation, made last winter, among the liabilities is
r. put down a guarantee of thu Planters' Bank of Missisiph
pi bonds for $313,000. These were endorsed by Richard
l* Alsop, of Philadelphia, and fell due at the U. 8 Bank in
this city, yesterduy, but were protested for noi yayaenf.
(j Mr. Alsop resist" payment as endorser, on the ground
L( that the bands being tetltd instruments, his undorsemt nt
,e is null and void in the eye of tlse law. What a pass
d have we come to, when en individual resorts to such a
^ subterfuge to avoid paying hit debts ! It is supposed that
0 the bank here ha 1 a share of the spoils. Suits will be
immediately commenced, and the validity of the htnora
e Ht luhlrr/uge tested. Who got the money for tho bonds ?
e Did not the brokers represent, at the time of sale, that
!- Mr. Alsop was to be the recipient?- and di 1 not Mr. AlT
sop. htjori rndortirf the bonds, consult Mr. Binney, of
n Philadelphia, to aacertain if the endorsement would
l* bind him I?and was not the result of that consultation
the ground of the pr? ?< nt refusal to paj t It is thfl cusir
torn of the papers and speculators here to clamor 'tint
e western State repudiation, because tin ro it has taken a
' tangible shape, and yet individuals here are daily pracd
ticing repudiation, in their transactions between man
and man. The clamors for hank suspension in 13:19,
by the Pearl street people and the Wall street press, was
an effart at repudiation more disgraceful than anything
that has taken place in Mississippi. The National Bankrupt
Law is repudiation in another shapo. The proplo
f Mississippi, notwithstanding their determination not
to pay those bonds for which they hare received no equivalent,
stand infinitely higher in the scale or moral sn l
e mercantile honor than does Pennsylvania, with her cor
nipt hanking system, controlled by d- spe rate speculat
tors, who have not only repudiated their individual debts
1 ?but have squan lared $30 000.000 of the property of
i others,and thereby have been the cause of repudiation in
other quarters.
The following is the return of the Treasury Departf
m?nt to the 1st instant, showing the amount of Treasury
t Notes redeemed and outstanding
Kr.Tisv i,rT?ru"n? Norn os Jsursav 1. t?st. as com
run t) WITH Novkwrcr I, AUODucr.UBtH 3, 134..
' Amount <>f Ire isury notes issued
under Hie pr<>? i-ions of
1 hcIs of i oiiKreMof l'4'.h October,
la.-7, May 12. 1833, Nor. I. D?r 3. Jan. I.
Slid March 1,1833?1840 $28.0*1.337 S* SSI 3.17 9ft 881.317
' Oi tins ain't has been rid. cmfd.ai.WI.7ai 25 1 <13,571 25 881,871
. Total] outstanding ol I issu**. Ifsftftll 1 577.78* III 8*88
Itsui stiii.ifr act of Kcb. 15, l??l. 6 021 *S8 8 una.932 0 2?- t??
' Red. t-med of that issue, 407.733 445,S3J 777 I.W
5.81* 083 5 S31 081 5.MI/S8
Grand total outstsndinj, 7,371,705 7 *2'"57 8 840 715
1 This gives a decrease of $388 13* for the month of De'
ceinber, being chiefly paid in st the Custom House, as
th-y are at a discount in I'm market. The Treasury is
no w bankrupted what means will be adopted to repli Irish
it, is matter of great interest to the regular merOlraals,
ond the people at large, who should l a on the
alert lest their rights an 1 interests should be infringed
liv iniudi.-inni manna falrmi in ,<?? ? a? < .? ?~i:i:
? , - .....
tiani nay dodpe the qunation of taxation.
The opening of Uib Reading Railroad, lately extended [
from Heading to Tottaville, took pisca on Saturday the ,
lit in?t.
The Lebanon, (Miami, Bank of Olio, ha. entirely explodi*!.
Thia concern w.i bought up in Dec. 1840, by a
ganrrof apeculatora fmm Buffalo and Michigan. We
cautioned tho pahlie agairiat it at the time. The persona
cancerned worn Jamea Earl. W. Earl, J. J. Bingham r.
9 Igl'hait, N. P Iglehart. Karl auhoeqiicntljr oold slit,
end the Igleharta, who are broker* in ( incinnati, with
one Long, e, continued tta'ir connection with it, and pre
tende 1 to n deem it at their oil! CC in Cinsiiinstl. Recently,
it apja-ar*, the auditor of Ohio, Mr. Brough, made an arrangement
with it to take up the certificates given for
work done on the Miami < anal. Thir enabled him to ex.
ten! its circulation to a point which enabled it to bur*'
wi'h a ;>roV. N. P. I jl'hart k Cn , who are at the bottom
oftha concern,publish a Bank Mote Liat, at Cincinn i'i,
in order to obtrin a credit fur euaplciom bsnk* .n tl <
Some uacnar tha. the proprietor of the Jackson? 1
Hank, the lTt?t"r Uink, Su-qneh?tinah Bridge B.mk.. !
| many ether abinplaat. r mill*, puhliahea a h ink note It*t I
Iatthr Bun ofUce. The auditor of Ohio ought to he ist- I
mediately impi ach'd for ltaring any conatction with '
such a cvrcin. 11 is annual report ot the (inane a ol
tin- State gitrej the following results: ?
Total number of taxable acre*, Hi 011,781
VjI<i?? ol land, house*, and town lota, $100 811 817
Totsl taxable property, |28 36Sfl-VT
Total amount of taxea, I otiat'A
Total amount ofrunal toll?. 1SJ0, $VH3W
" " 1911, 495 768
D?flcft, $37 171
Total interest on the State debt, til IM
" amount ofcaunl fund, 764 388
Drlicit in interest, $96 573
The Meatnge of Cioremor Seward has been recolred
displaying the usual quantity of w ord*, nn 1 paucity of
iJ> a? from that quarter. Its main feature censiata in an
obstinate adher?nee to that speculative policy which
ha* sunk State credit to so low an ebb. The Governor
ascribes the fall in the ctedit of this State to getieril
causes. This does not account for the sale of New York
Car.al 6's, 1831, at 81, when Massachusetts 6 per cents sell
atP7. New York S'ate S's are Belling at 77, ond the .11
per cents at 77.J. The reason for this is obvious. Tho
system of lojuing tbi> Htata credit has been pushed too
far in supjiortof speculative works. $3 OOO.OOOof 5,} pr cts.
have been loaned to the Erie Railroad. One fifth part of
thnt work only is done. To oomplete it, will cost at least
la 000,000 more. And the alternative even now presents
itself for the State to ussumc the work, and issue stock to
complete it or alio w it to stop, and become responsible
for the amount already Issued, principal and interest?in
the same manner that it was obliged to assume the interest
on the stock issued to the Canajoharric and Catskill
Railroad and the Ithaca and Owego Railroad. The
stocks thus issued have been pressed upon the market,in
violation of the law, and to this reason alone, may be ascribed
the f jot that 5t per cents sell for less money than
the 3 per cent* in the marki t.
In relation to the banks, the (governor recommends, in
order to guard against fraudulent issues, that the Safety
Fund banks be required to receive tluir hills from the
Comptroller. This would undoubtedly throw a greatly
increased patronage into Ike hands of the executive.?
How that would,howevcr, prevent over issues, his Excellency
does not explain. In illustration, however,of
his position, lie states that nineteen associations thnt do
receive their bills from the Comptroller, have faileJ da"
rjjcg the past year, and fire only of those, Safety Fund,
that do not. The Governor recommends that the Safety
Fund be relieveil from the obligation for dei?osites. The
evils complained ol appeartous toaiise more from the
ignorance and neglect of the Dank Commissioners, than
from other causes. The Safety Fund was charged with
$100,000 of circulation for the City Bank of Buffalo, more
than appears on the books, and report states that as much
more Is to be redeemed for the Bank of Buffalo above
what appears in its returns, being bills pledged. This
isdirectly owing to the misconduct of the Bank Commissioners,
and the proposition to give them new powers
is preposterous.
Sales at tli? Stock Eichange.
$4009 I fliuois Boil 's IB ICO sh. DH. & Hud. s60 95
$1000 do slm 16 135 do thw 971
$49oO da sJO 17 35 do 97J
$3000 do IB 9 Bk of Coin, full 95
$5000 Indiana Stg Bds S3 30 II do 85i
f'OitO do 191 41 McibvwU l>?0 63
$4000 do slO 30 390 Harlem R. R. 91
$40## Indiana Bonds 10] 50 do snw 9J
$30,io do sJO 19 10<> Look Island 5IJ
$5000 do thw 191 50 do t60 53
$3000 do 101 15 Farmers' Loan 301
$6000 do lOf II US Bank 3
$3000 do thw I ft a 100 do 31
$6(00 do sio 19 30 Utic* Is Schen'y II R 130
$3000 do nw 10 35 Htouinalon K K *30 14
$1000 do c 101 ? Ex on Mobile 85
$500 N Y fetate 3's, '38 77 ? do Philad 94
Second Board.
IS J Harlem > 5# Harlem ?;
SO do * SO do tvr 19
50 do l>3 9 $30CO Indiana 19}
50 do b3 9 (1090 do 19}
5t do 9 tteoo Illiaoi* 17}
000 i'o 9 (2000 do (10 17
200 do 9] 126 ah* Delaware uw 95}
Coni Trade.
Kleur continues the same as yesterday. Piicus^tia
(6 US- ?"'* small sales.
Married*
On the 4th instant, by the Rev. Dr. Drownloe, John
Chishoi.m, Eiq. of Ding wall, Rosshire. Scotland, to Antoirette
Lor 111, youngest daughter of the late Captuin
James Taylor, of this city.
On the 4th instant, by the Re*. George Benedict, Mr.
CiiaiiToriiKR 8. Uaiiiue to Miss Aminos Batter, all of
this city.
At the Wallabout, L. 1, 23d tilt, bv thp Re*. P. S- Williamson,
Mr. Simon Rirrr.ltei to Mrs. Emma Williamson.
both of New Lots.
At New Lots, L- I- 9th ult. by the Rer. J. A. Baldwin,
Mr. Sami-kl E. Vanorrtbrr, of Klatbush, to MissJohinnaii
Litinostor, daughter of the late Nicholas Liriiigston,
of the former place.
Died.
Ou 'he 3d instant, Henrif.ttk D. Mcndat, wife of (Japtain
Wm S. Monday, aged 33 years ard 4 moths.
On the 5th instant, Mrs. Emkline L. Scudutr, aged
28 years. |
Oo the 4th instant, Danl. J. Ebdets, in the 90th year
of hia age.
Ont!u>4th instant,CsnoLiNE M., wife of Daniel Bird,
age 1 20 years.
In Brooklyn, on the 4th January, These P. Conrlin,
v ife of Solomon Conklin.
The friends of the family are invited to attend her funeral,
from 245 BriJges street, this day at 3 o'cloch.
On the 5th inat. Tiiomis T'-nno, son of P. S. Forbes,
aged 5 years and 7 months.
On the 5th inst. Mrs. Maroarit Ceeciun, the wife of
Edward Cerchen, in the 27th year ef her age.
Hia friends, and those of her father, Michael Prigncny,
are requested to attend her funeral,on Friday alternoon,
at hair past three o'clock, from her late residence, No.
49 Prince street.
Werblv Tteimrs of Tnterillcnta
In the City and County of New York, from the 93 th day of Dec
1(141. to the tat day of Jan., IH43.
47 Men?4# Women?58 Boy*?13 (Jirl*. Total 188
Dtucio.*?Apoplevv 5; Asthma ; Asnhysy Is Abecm 0;
B!c?,lingO; Bleeding from stomach 0; Bleeding from lungs B,
Burned or acaldedg; 1 ^aaualtie* 1; Cholera Infantum 0; Cholera
M?rbu?0: Cancer 0; Colic ; Consumption 30; Convulsions 13;
Croup or Hives 6; Debility 0; Delirium tremens 9; Diabetes 0.
Diarrhraa 3, Death from Poison 0; Dropsy 3; Dropsy inhead
6; Dropsy in the cheat 4; Drowned 0; Dysentery 3; Erysipelas
8;EpiIep*yS; Kever 0; do. icarlel 10; do typh?id 4; do. peurpe
ral o, do. remittent 3; do.biliousl; do.inflammatory 0; do intermil
tent 0: Orteeli; Hip Ditraie 0; Intemperance!; lntlam
ination 0, do. of lirer 0; do of womb It; do.of brain 8: do. of
stomach 1; do.of chest 8; do. of Iungs2t; do. of bowel* 4; de,of
tiiroat 0; Jaundice 0, Killed or murdered 0; Corked Jaw
V; Cue* VenersO; Mortification 1; Malformation t; Marasmus
7: Measles 0 Old age 1: Organic disease of heart 4; Palay 3,
Rheumatism It; Steual diaeaae o; Scirrboa 0; Suicide 9; Sprue
0; Small Poi 8: Si minis 0; Teething 9; Tumor 0; Unknown
I: Ulceration ol throat 0; Ulcere 0; Varioloid 3; Whoopilg
. ugl. .1. W'.rm* lu
Vi.ks?Ol I year and under. 44; betwerni and 3.99,3 audi.
35; 5 and 10, 4; 10 and 30,3; 30 and 30. 30: 30 and 40, 17; 40 anil
80 24; 59 and SO 10, 60 and 70.8; 7# and 8t, 9; 80 and SO.3; SOand
too. 0; too find upward*.I); unknown.2.
Pi.kct.4 or NariviTV?UniledStates 140; Ireland3-5; F.nglanl
5; Scotland 3; Switzerland 0: France 3; PI nil an 10; Britiali To*
sea-nous, N. A. 3; West Indira I; Portugal 0; Germany 8
Sweden 0; Walca 0: AtricaO; Spain o; Ruaaia 0; Italy I, S
America 0; Unknowns.
From?Alrn* House, Bellevue.l: Hospital do. 12: Fever Hospital
do. 0; Priutrntiiiry I; BlacVwell'a Island 3; Small Po*
Hospital 0; City Hospital 4; Mew Jers-y I; Westchester 3;
Lour Island 3.
Colored persons. 12.
WlLl,iam a. WAf TEHS.City Inspector.
City ln'prrlor'* Office, Jan. 1st, lslS.
Pas*.-1lifers Srrlvtil,
Nri-vitas? Brig North America?Messrs E A Lansing II
| fluMf,
l)i Miasm? Brig Somerret?Oeorgr Moore and lady, W J
Moore.
Koretlgn Isnportwtlo'i*.
Nbiivitss? Brig North Am< rica?443 hid* 75 hoses so^ar in
tons fu'tie Holt h Owen?283 bbls sugar IS bis M'gara t barterI
.in la IVavert.
Domestic ImportM tone.
ArtucHicoL*?Biig Mary I'eniiell?us halts rrtton T
Ma nu?l?.S M Clark?43 I (k F Waldo? 3-1 J Fairbanks. Bns;
Son?M Brown Bros V. c->? IS II W iring?a Brauder St Murray
-.it Click ?t Co.
MARITIME HERALD.
NOT OK ifCW VUltU, JAM'Ml Y (I
svrr risks till Moon AVSKS 3 I
I inn 37 ! man j 38
llspartars o* iu? Atlantic Btumaiauru.
r*r,M i.tvrareot. mora oostow.
Jlrit.MMm Jim. 4 Feb. *
| Caledocsa Feb. 4 Mar. I
| Acadia .Mar 4 A|:il 2
I'suiktlstu Arrive. I >'? kctilotHpart.
I Lam on I i r-rook.
I Wellington.!.Iiadwiek, Nov 20 '.lo-treal. (Liffi ig. J?n in
I Quebec llebard. Dec. I (.? adialor, Britlon, J.m 2 1
i.lvmrooi*. I i.ivrarooL.
A Amene*. Cot*, No*. lb j llneeor, Hotllceoo, l.r 1 *
I tieo. W.miiin/tuD, No*.45) Stephen VVhiti,?y, J in. 13
Ma*UKt ]
i DiMh'N?d'UrltMi, No*, tj Aloeny, Watson. J-.i )
j Hullp,'j boiniMon, Dee. I '
To MMKter* of Venn* la.
Crrtuciaderi of rrtieD will confer a furor by hariti* * I lit
of their ear;ie*, pastenperi, wl a re.njrt of veeeele Irfi .1
tic port whence they tailed, an ! li e veantla epoan. ri r
on their arriral ' err. fir Commodore Hinir', r our !'? -(
of new* (el.oonera. He mil bard thrm inner dlaUJy i"
their arriral.
O.'rarrd.
Shiog Mixinippi, II Ward. \r f Or!*vi?. F. K ;
Fliralieth DennmoE, IVat. .M .bile, ?; I) Ifur.bJl h ' ' J-.*
nclt. Mayo, S'rw Brd:od ?liark Amhuer. " i" n. \
I rut.Hiri'iiH Boilhil) It Co? Brie* M'Uar'tlr, j".v?r?i'.
Maliya. Bre'l h Vot", Juno. I-ew Q""(f'1M .?9<i?
Mlriinro k, Smith, Buck.iili*. Si'. D "Iper at Perk; 1 y.l
Mi Mltlon, Jack'onrile, KK; I'Uiiel, I erry, I'eUrrburi;.
aprlveo.
?we.|i#h hok I'-mi, Wenrot*. Irom St.*khol.n i ...
wl' h Mb tone iron, Io IJonnoi i.Joha*C'.i ' o.
ttiurWiarn Doarleje.' .dajr from Ant ilayrf.wit- Mr a
lin It emnd la b*e ?w " * ' 1><1 i.tid V>mli
It lift reported. . .. ?
IIr , \#rlh Am'e e%. wnftii. l? rfiyg irom.S'em, > r >
u Mi.k.'. lo Ho'lkftWra lr*l ?ehr ll rnl"( iter,' I '
, tW . I >t H ?. ? de .Jeieiniili Dr. no*. pag?efi(?r. ..i ! .
lo-r ' 7<' ut'.
U. iihH hn* Somenel. Willttine |* tie. from Pi-mar o i
halla.l loor'hr l.oH n- y l.ndy ?f ihr I,ike. I..r N'* Vo k I
Jon. .net ?i?.l hi 31 Ion 71 30, tjioko bri" Suaa.1 X Jan-, I <U I
fre Pert I led for liar at a.
?^
t Hup * tr.i per, tt'riiMir. IS iltya I'roui nt Tuoin j, Willi Sv7w
hid to Aymar It C?? 1 MMenpers
Itrip Maey Penne'l. ' bV?i IS d >ys from Apalachienl.1. c >!
I"n, I,. Iiimiir. *1 rut *' 3 Inn?. - Ulgr topsail .e .
11S days fin Cadis for NYmk?hyt lost at! her sails, rigging
Ur. arid whs supplied by soma vessel.
Below.
T wo In i/?, arid a I ?jsail ??hr ashore ?n K? iter.
Sailed.
Il-ip. ri;?aSetli, Poncr; Aurlrr, Ne*foo-.dlaud, and oil rrs.
Wind NW.
Marine Correspondence.
Sr. Tiiom>?. Den 90.1(41.
American vessels in twrl:?rlhip N. w Wo'id, V nuiig, Irion
Mar'.uiii|iii-f.?r St .Marks, tn sail (Irs day; brips Gatiuicltfft
I.ivy f>r N'Urh hih. am. drv. Spy. f t IVtuac la.soon; Ann
b. in I., fin Itnrhadnes. urn : Delos \ nti.ua, do; Rathe. Mar
trrii'j'i-, iln: a. I, s 1 ri 'r ut. fr. rn It .Itiinorr repp, tn sail si nil.
Chaile nr:r. Valpay, rom N V oik for Carlhaci im anno; Kebnt
Treat, lin Guadah iipr. our; Mi ry, Auligui. d ; Win Sjirar.
do dir. Sid ItHh. Giraffe. KlJndgr, fin NYoik fur Ma>*?|{U? ?i
Mr|ain< ra, Wiuslow, from Deuurara for ; .Stir, Austin,
Pi rt ias, Jacmel.
General Record.
Pi nn Man., of Hrrttord.from Brhi.norc for N York, loaded
with cum, Hour,pens 4tc. p ! on tin Shoils in comii p n to the
lulel at Tuckerton. N'J. They ?uir?eded in getti ig her off.
1ml she leaked ?o badly ihat aim ber rusel was got to take her
St iik S* ?*, Le 11, fi out Norfolk, bound to K ingilon Jam on
the I Oil), w lirn rrnddi. ir icrose thrljillf etrra n, in hear j ?iatler,
til 'n. oly 0| ruug i. t* ah. ami in a*-ten minute* li'led fo 'III
deck, sun ohluri! the crew to take to the r'trcim: fur the sneerration
of theirliree where they remained lire -ays an) nights
in tl.n grialiet miff ring, exposed to the severity ol the ebwienls.
Tliey eiiccet d.d in li-hint: from the foro-aetb a single
ham of ban ui which (uilai 'ed th-in till they were lall'd in
with by the schr Oreruleaf, Capt Sleeper, win safe'y landid
th* captain and crew at Georgetown, SC. on Monday last.?
The Swan vie loaded ?ith ehintlee, stares and heading, and
waeownrdhy Brown. Putter Ji Co ?f NVork. No Ineiirance.
I apt l.eal ami hie crew return to Cart Slrt\ er their thanks for
the humane treatment while on board hie vessel. as also hie < xtraordinary
cxertion? ii getting himecif and ciew from the
wreck in boiiteroue weather.
Binrien imp Km*,Cap! Clark.from Londonderry for Saranuah,
hae been loet. She foundered at era. inlal '16 N. Ion 74.
T' e captain and crew wne takrn from the ve eel by the Spai.ieli
brie ('arni>echauo, 51 daye ir.iin Liverpool, arm ed at llaraII
t o? the 13th ult.
Sh r Bi ilmnn at Portland ?Five li'pe, ?ix I ark*, eight
brigs and four schooners Wire built at I'urt laud duiiug the post
year.
Spoken.
An-ora, from Wilmington NC for St Jago, Dec lu, off south
side Cuba.
Dainariscctta,lroin NOrlrane for Roeloii, I)i c 2!, off Carpsfort
tin f
Sea Eagle, from B-eton for Port au Trilio , out 13 da> ??rv
peoted to active name day.
K'orrlgn Ports.
Pott r at; Pitim-g, Drc 24?In port, H-trn.nf a' ! for Baltimore
in a few ds; t'aulaloon, do, next dap-. Sid Klir. i K I u, Merrill,
N York.
St Jago, Cuba, Dec 19?No American ve.se" It in port. Sid
16 Ii, Ad '.of Baltimore, for SOrleme, in balluet; 13tli, NaT irro,
Trinidad, do.
Unit eel States Ports.
Po*n,4*n,Jan 3?Arr Tarquiu, NOrlrane for Portsmouth;
CierccHt, Philade i hia for Salem; Patapso, Conner, and Coquel,
tialum >re. Cld John Hale, Culm; John Cadmus, Mobile;
Mary, Mat auras; lilot.Cnb". Sid Nautilus, Tanpnn, Sebigo.
Cc it iriou, Napolcaa, Yoauni-ul, John Hale, Hogan, and
Pilot.
Busts*, Jan 4 ?Vr Barnstable, Calcutta?23'h ult Iat33. Ion
12 tell in wi'li a wreck, inaete guile boweprit etaudii g, lull of
water?was about 130 to ISO tone, low deck, with a narrow
white etrrak.a white ribbon on her quarter deck rail, either a
echr or herm brig; yesterday, in the B ty, eaw two harke b'ud
to Boston, put awly for Proriir rtown Arr Velaeco. Harem.
Below, Km. fin Bar niiali Cld Gcu Bolivar, Montevideo and
amkt; Ztitoff, Newburyport; Krirnds. Wilmington NC; tirecian,
Ct aec, N York. Arr 3d, Hyle'ulid. Taylor, do.
Hot.Mrs iiolf, Jan i?Arr k-solution, Loi g, New York for
WinleorNS; Boetoniaii, Mobile for Boeton; Laikin Snow,
Preeey, N3 oik for Salem; Superior, Curtie, do for Harrington;
Cuuib rlaud, (irant, do for Camden: Piriid-nt.do for Cherry,
field; Eliza, Moore,do for Saco; Kl ira, Baltimore for thy
im>w, -<lhi mi i'd e*< ept Boston! h iii port 1 i> in, Uottonian;
hhr.aheth, for Norfolk, and Sultan, Tor Aleiardria
Providence. Jau 3?No arrival*. 8ld Newaik, Merwin, N
York; lude;tudrucc Fall Hirer; Fnipress, autl Juliet, New
York
I'hii.adrlfiii*, Jnu i?Arr F.mily, St Jugo ilt Culia. ( Id
Oak Bo.t. ii.
H<i.ri?tnni, J w (?Arr Vumlalia, Port an Tiinre; Tom
Wood, Saraimuk; K.luabeth. 8 ibm. Oil (Jell 8mn(er,Cha'itun.
Norfolk, Jan 2?Arr in Ilamidon Rnade, Arlitta, Trinity
Marl. T> e Orlrane. f:n NOrUnai for Richmond, pained thro'
II impton Koide lira rooming
XiriagiiH, IVe 31 ?Air Swan, P rtland; Ni-w Hanover. Philadelphia.
Oil Met ke, Mobile Sid Augusta, Sherwood, N
York; K Wain, Uostuu; Caspian, St Angueline; Chae Carroll,
Charleston.
Mobile, Dee 27?C|d Deucalion, Liverpool; FloriJian.l'ritt,
NYork; A Lord,Liverpool; I'lutarrh, 11 irana. ArrCahawba.
Sinilli. New York; Norman, Boston; 1\onot, I'liiuney, Warren
HI.
New Orleans. Dee 27?Cld Frankfort. liiis"!). New Yi rk;
North Carolina, Liverpool'. Tyrone, Havre; llilali Natch'!;
Sultan, Boiton; J Pelerion. St Pitrre; Mercury, St Johm Nb ;
Tuscan ill a. St Marks; Adrian, Frauklin La; Black Hawk, Sabine;
Warrior, ( harl ton. Arr (iaatou, Latham, New York;
(1 metal Vrr.ie, Bangor; Mais, i'alleraon. Greriiock; Johanna,
Bremen; Curtis. Flushing. I Id 23d, 8t Peter burg, Havre. Ar
Stan i n. Hull; Lanrrns, Smith, Nkork; Bachelor, Hichm <n?l;
Alvauo. llremeu; Detty, llio B.irk Natchez and several s i'
in the nl&iig.
PORTUGUESE FEMALE PILLS
THF.SK lar-famed and c- lebr.ited pills. from Purlugal. are
we perceive, to be obtained in Ibis country Sn advertisement
on the laal colurnuof fourth page. d29 tm'ie
Mil. nRA'lAM. having hecn nipirAtcd la give a sacred perI'jrin
ince, at the Untger's lustitule, has (he honor to announce
that he will tive one oil Friday evening, January 7.
to comineuccat 7) o'clock.
PRO'HIAMMK.
1'art i.
Bong?From the Creation?And Hod cr? ateil inan, Hij-dn
Sslectinne from the Mrseiah? Pastoral Symphony?1. Ilandil
?- ? a a.. .1.1 1 1
them fear not; a lie *liall ferdhis tlnrlt like a Shej>
Inrd : 4 Thy rebuke balk b nken hi* heart; 5. Air,
Behold and ire He that dwrllt lh in Hearen ; 7.
Air,Thou klialt break them ; S. I Uuow that my liedeeinrr
livetli
Bong?The Better Land, llemena
Pa*T II.
From the oratorio of Jepth'h Handel
Heeitatire? Decrernml detjer till?Air, Waft her,
Angela.
Song?O, Liberty, thou r.lioirrat trearuie.
Kroin the oratorio ol Jndt* Marrabeui?My arm.*
agaiiiitthiaOorgiu?Air, Hound an alarm.
Reutatire?From Smn-oi.?O i loaa of light?of the
I tnoit detdore?Air, Total erliyae. Handel
Hung?Rocked in the rradlr of the deep, Knight
Judgmrnt Hymn?Ore.it (Jul what do 1 lee and hear.
Ticket*, to admit a lady and gentle nan $i 50: a gentleman
and two ladle* mule tirk'1* $1 rarh : to be had at Hewitt'*,
Atwill'i. Dubois', Jolit.'*, Hi.*ton'? took itoree, arid at
tin'd .or on t lie ev-ning of the pertoi inaiirr \C, q;
M-y.KOANTfLE LIoRAIlY AH-uClATION The
inemb?r* nl tine A?*ociation are invited to attend a meeting.
at the Bhak*[>e.ire Hotel. Tim Keening rt 7 o'clock. io ap
point a Nominating Coinu iter to aelcct a amiable ticket for
theluppo-trof the member* at the earning elccticu. jfi It*
nil TEL ? Wan'td. a fir* l tate man, who hi* a general ati|Uaintam
e. aud ?ome readr c P'tal, to join a firtt rate keeper
in an ?*teu?ire and lucceirful notch in r unplete order, and
with a large run of ?te*dy rnatnmer* Itent and furniture at
pr>*en? ralue. Direct to YORK. ?t the New York post iffi.e.
jd 3t* _______
f iOI'AH'1' nT.KsI III' JtUTICC?Tie public are reiprrt"
' fully informed that Nathaniel Ure-ne. Krg late Po?t Ma*trrof
iloat'.n, haa till* day hecoine a partner with the uticriber*
in the tirni ol II mudm Si ''o
WM K. IIARNDEN,
DEXTER BRKJHAM. Jr.
Koiton. Jan 1.1848. j? 8w*
t3ket Mill* MI?Hlssi"ll, for nTTW orleans.
1 I'asAciierm by tlii<? ship will picas'1 be on bjartl, at Orlems
wharf* foot of Wall street* Th s Day at 12 M.? at which time
th* steamboat Herculss wl'l take tnc iMp to sea
ACAltP--MElD A.NTILE LIBKUti ASrtl.ll I \TION.?The
iiu leraigDed regret*that in *e'f-.Wfrnce he
i* ag in compelled to appe ir befoie hi* fi How-mrinfkr* with
toi*. hi* l>*t Card; but * portion of hi* fellow-member*, ru
riou'of thegrrat distinction ?hi;!i h" ha* receireil, hare hrcn
bol'd and unb lulling uotigh U circulate ilander* against hiin
sflheviliHt iiuil. W: era- h i* Iririwu, th'*r alauder* will
p*i* by turn a* the idle w,nd, wlrch he reap'Cta not. It i*
with lliore who hare not the n irof hi* iierouial acquaintance
lliat (lienc ihindeier* t*f c-t In injure hi* fair fame and
check In* ri?ing popularity- He will 01 ly lay to tlieie ?landerrr*.cea?e
riper*, ) uu bite a IS'c.
jSIf J. H. DEL TECCHIO.
DOC'filii ifLllVf .< i "iitiiine* to enjoy ine c?ntmru,:e of
the nnMir in the trta! incut >ud cure of Stricture), Sic Sic.
He ' '? file largratofE. e pr.i lice of any *uigeoa iuilii* city,
hecau* he ha* been longer in practice, ant haa more riperime
in Ilioae di?c??e* to wh'r i he drrnfr* hi* whole attrn
lion, more e*peeially became he i* nlike Ibe medic il preleo
drr?, being h m*ell a | hyiici.m. mil a graduate in hiaprofe*
lien. I*i r-oiia U'?,,i nig node- prolr.i te.l and difficult caa-? may
eonaiiH him with confid' nee. (luri* i thedayor evening, at hi*
eiflioe, No. i Ann itrecl, eutranic at tne (tore, or through the
entry. )l It*
].iOl N If ?t?n Mond i a' 1.1 ii mil. hi the n> ighb rlioml o| t amil*
ret and II idway, a lady'* work tug. The owner
miy find it by pr-ring the eontrnf*. snl paying for tlii* rdrerti?enieut.
at 877 Bionlivay jg It
RERKSHIKE ROAil ! ( it HALE.?For nil cheap, a
choice. thorougS l.rcd Oeil<*hire Boar. Can be (eenin the
rear of M Crosln etieil.near 1'ilnce. j!i
S M I 11 t.N ? < ' or.'< rft i Salamander Safe* air* i mark, t
C The Subicrtber i* tlie oiiti 11 run w ho ha* Wilder'* Patent
Salamander h ire I roof Safe for ?ale
Sl.iAH C. HERRI VO,
j> m Wataretmet.
Q?U OKD HAND IRON 8AI E9, in . -o.Urdrr, for *at. .
S-5 rcry low,al the. Iron Cheat Warehouse of
S. I' IIFRRINO,
j". I 3* .,ti r *tree\
TOll-da '.'.luliv all'.I'll ..it, iuI anal i" if w"'*fio*leritfel,
-* a fine) mbrniderrd t.ambric . I: u Ihi r ihitf. 1 he fiuder will
be liberally rcwa.d< d. l?y le<>in: wi'li
CRAWFORD,
N< I I It ,'M.? <11 I tvli ' ? . v i ftllfc . I I tU
u ill'- 1M ili i-Uil, at ?i?e bon*#* of VIr A l) i?ic. tlt)H Hprirtjf j
- * frt w.l j ' c?M m?| .in i.
nILLH MD > -O !H Kit]
hi* fneurit'it li . -.'imV JJii'irl ll??? i i , ? liw?* s'.atn;
Iloua#*, fthert! tre i rht fpit-iuliu t bl?* ml. *Kr? ?ij?J in.ub!
bed*. India rubbtr c 'l1 , aiinn,; *nd
.. 'i H rmmri ( t
KutratX' M9 Kult??n il I, Ann pit '* TiL. (ft
j' y
orn Wai.tkr -< <;-i r.? Si - >.a\(.o in r'KOiP.
<5 AND I'OlTI' IL Wiil.KH. ' ! > #ow-rjr.?CrBi
pMioOifSr Wrltf r Pcoti'g n L? r v in .?lr iw f, or 25
< tifj a *i'g!r N'jiiib r. tli" * liu hi* j'i*l |jubli#hfd
an edition tf the W.ivrJv r 9< yr In * !/iliiug #um of '
W inoi#il I <1*' I MjUtdlM
tint w . hnlsru .?rr, s4i-fll.rr.fi ,?|. a,1 i-oetiot work.
i.ir'iiriirrj tli? Mi Rtr' i"V ' 1 ' ik,iutl1 n i-io. ?! .-, wbith hut
nrvra \ ?<? ?i" n> ?tl"r<0,l,/?n*,. . . . ...
I ht itltfill ,\#|?oK?.W? , I ul rl # Itrr, t !,rt Kinflf I#,
'i i. 111 (?rv of .^roffaiin, j > ' ?? 1 'fr."ri # ^frerim,
Th Lif? ? i1' r t.Pllri iu?.
|?i?et f I' ? 1 ? ! * J ?i
f iivafki'I'JiHCt l.i'ri .c, M $ h,
Liftoff* m'n iUnc, Lift l
l.iTr'rs ri f, I* f':"f f?t bage.
i<(K . I *raKadeliffV, Liff (! ;t { ? ,
Lffieftf lirntoic J.iJ? i*lf>ri n,
l,ijV ( liirln.ii: Smith, J. I i lvr??i
Ijili- (?f i Koe. L lit ji N<i/? * '. V?*r J,
cf? i'htrt\|ry nud Itcr.iircc, *eri'iou?, L>* .'.mil an I
Witclimft.lie. 0t<*
Th* ' lit-rri'in't1 and rnrT d*#! ! lirv*'r. To |rlii. H it
added l.i r nr.<l (y.ifr. ^?m . by* (i. U'ftkliHit. 'I ?
wnolfl- "?coiri'|f ! ( twe 0 -fi* <-I> m.rr. .tp, fjr V? .in
^ri. nit? tliu<lormi"p,u inikr ?dtlt i ?l ! ihn#H'*?tiW N m?I?
j*i? ii tifui :nt*vk,u r mt?v * t ,!ii<innf'1.n*o?fc?
o? .m Vid cr Sccti being n uii'y n i tvtiv *i in \mm t
" ' ' N|||g#??v\V rri f fi h'? r...ii Ltl g'( li 0i v.|
ii-,t !r *<?? of miurbis >1
i \ k will . | K*?r?'v , tlr in w?? kl*' win lfn, !
"hy, u| ?prr, nod %v I< I# ?: twrntv-dvc riinnn ?,
. H li !. t x . I . 1
it'll c io tiw W * i \ s ' 1 J -1 < t Ib km
lit T.lh' nanienn aii^i I rlib*' ii ? i mi ; ?<< ? fit t gr* \tx .. ^
i?i imi vi ' fib* -ulc-tnt*'? 'fiti* \+f<# ud 9 n if??1 U t' 1
1 bt- liir.4ish?rf. 't b" viif li*1 {fi e |o f -it wr- ? ?
I*5 i in11h fftjct'h lie qn.tfit) I Tint ai?f. iU'Jp^vI oet ii'li-f.
ii ' hut rf any ntbr pfi?ri'i<iio* el In? pr? 1 Hi I j.row * > ,
A in# i'' . 11.t'?t ut \>y r\"? ii :?i"r' <? r- ?: i I *,"i j
il ?|? ||.f 'dUrj; .f-iniif'. Sjr,. ,t#jr If ; n- , | f? < * f? .1 T ' J ll' 'I ,
?. i i i<*. ni <2 i wiP bf ?|^. r-ni ! ;.! '.# om? h 'j m??. ff!?- oy ?.
' * < i* I I < ? i I n. t4ftf
nnil .. 1 11 j K. ' . ! i. ( M <>!?
e il w i m - ' i ' .. h > rt t'. ;h- Aft: i i %\ i? b
1 ' i I' I | : S r * Of I I li??< i ?t?
1 " in a.,it I .tii ru.iitli'cnt-ii .%i??? ' * * i'?i< t! en.ini m#nf I
J'?4' URAKL PU^'i (f,
?-*ATl K '? IIKA'i'M K* .
TIMS EVENING, Ju. 6 - terfo-mancw will conn*iK?
with
.WII Vf WILL -i tir. WORLD SA fl ?
Lord N*?r?"? 1 Barry | (.'apt Tarrad ddlo Pl<u.ula
Muuu Miv!>* -Miai ( unhin aa
To be followed by
I.A CA< HU? IIA,
Tx conclude with
HOCHE-TEK.
Kochriter Wlimtlry | Squeak Llurpendtle
1'iunb ?i Mi? 8' ajhman
Bo jo;, fl -fit SO eeuty?Gallery 55 rente.
Do -? m.e. it SI, 11 rformaiire cn-mruee* at 7 o'clock.
CHATHAM TIIBATHB.
I'll IS EVEN I \t? J u * ?Tie | erfoi misret will coBJnenca
willi tin Ku ir?'ri<?u Sp'ciuclt ef
M AZKPPA !
Maxrprw, Mi Kirb) | Abdrr Khui. Mr LeweRen
/time. Mr* Tborue
A Oee wbieh.
THE LADY Ob* THE LAKE.
Krdrrirk Dhu bmtt | Kill J mora Kirby
Elite Mr* T'lonst
Toronrlode with
CONANl HEOTA.
Contn'lieol*1' L'welltn | 1'omliarutali Ktrbo
Budget Mil Lewie
Jiin Soetiifctd trd Jd tien 7i, Pit IJt yOalltry itt
' - r? open at ?|: < iirlain ri?m *t 71 precisely
DT'tiKf.H.YMPIC THBATHN
THIS "iVKMNti, Jan. ?Tb? perlarnuxca will rorr uvuee
with
RIQUET, Wl t M TIIE TUFT.
Green Horn. Graham | Criurr Knjoit. Homeautl*
Fairy Ting Toe*. La Petite Lele?te
A flae urliiitK
T11V. QKBKN'S"?WS
Capt Summerxile Hornr title | William Hilling* Origin
Laure la Mini Singleton
To I"*followed by
? ... HUMPBACK.
Wily Waller*. llilrh'll
Clifford, Hnrneaidle | Julia. Mr* Timm
'I'o eo ir'udf with
Vise Hl-.K MAKING.
Nichols.* Dovetail tiraham
Mjuelle Mr> Tonot.
Admnenm? Dr?ae cirrle SOccnti. t'| i rr bote* 31 rrulfl Fif
Hi centr. Private I'oxea $5.
Qoon or?n a< baifpniit eix. Curtain rirea at (cyan.
BIJWK'.: V k.MPUiTIII'.ATRKI
A'o :I7 Hcti'frtj.
THIS EVk V|NO. J.ii. U?'I be i? r I. rm.' if. ty. 11 .naw.ijf
GREAT SI ti t.ss OK MR. TURNER.
The performance t<? commemr - ill. a rami nitrr.. entitled
S PAR ENTREE.
Praia of Hono-maiinhipb)' T V Turt.tr
N< gm dauc'iiy by the unrivalled Mai'i r Diamond.
Mr Sand* ? ill iutrnduce an imp-sing Kqueatriau A t
Vaul itit' by 'be whole company
NT .Irr River*', wlioar wonderful iRrforuunce* dr.""/ denirtotiall.
,1
I!<rn. -nan:hip by Mr I'm. Lb y
i line Song bv Mr Booth.
The celehra'rd Kitcr* I-iim'y go through th- ir vtach ; dmired
feat* of Gymnasia.
To roneludr wilh
01,1J DAMK IK OT.
Oil ring the evening a variety of other rntertainmcut*
Doom open at 6J? rrforinance commeurea at 7.
Rote* Sarent*. 1'it 'Ifi cent*.
Tin* animals belorgitg to the Zoological Inalrtutr. will b?
openfor exhibition during tha holiday*. Eutrancr No. 17, in
t t rjaiir st. AdwiaawieMevnl*
KKW AltCAUIAN H A IIUK7,
oVj. 255 nirfckrr xtrett
(TTnd. rth.duecti.il of Mr. II ROCKWELL.)
TH13 EVENING, J.n. 3?The eiitrrtaiameula will com
inruce with a grand
WALTZ AN1) STAR ENTREE!
Led bv .Mia. <initio and II. Rockwell.
POLISH UltoTUKHS. by Mr.ltialey and hie Son.
ACT Of HORSEMANSHIP, by M eter Stephen*.
Comic Soup, Mr. T.O. Booth; Juggling, Plate Spinning, Ike.,
by Mr C.Saudi.
Fashionable Monitroaitira,by M'.l! Sand*.
The Uoddeaa Rmua.by Mr O.Stone.
Negro Melodies. by Billy Wliitloek and hie Banjo.
Olc Wi-giuny lire hdowu.x.by Maatrr Diamond,
tlrand Ethiopian l'tlo, by Muter Dumood, vVhit'.ock, ,ad
T.O. Booth.
Tbe Aiiiaioaian Vlaid, by Mta (lull in.
Vlr St- ne will appear in the character of an Indian Hunter.
The whole to conclude with a Laughable Mteryiecc.
Do ore open at a gustier pa?t 6; I t form nice to eouunenea
it 7. Bovex SO eei.ta; pitas centa. .
AIWKHICAV M7IOVM,
Corner Brvailteay imil Ann xlrrrt.
Manager and Director, Mr. P. T. Barr;.iii
The mauag. r liaa pleasure in nnnomieing that he hag effrcled
an engag. m-.it with th" celebrated and accomplished danaruae
IvIUsMC William*, favorably kuowa throughout the United
Stale* and Curndae.a* I.a Petite IVIeitr.
Alio with Mr JENKINS the celebrated tenor ainger and
de'inrator of Yankee eeemlricilwa. Ani Hkew.ir with the
reui'wed ALBINO LADY,_
.ivnor Marnottc will exhibit the wonderful and beautiful
'I'll 111! 11 VTOITIVI
The splendid COSMOHAMA wu entirely changed on the
Istof J?uuary,and will be chaccnl regularly on tha lirttol
rrerv month
Principals of Schools and their pupils admitted on liberal
term*.
Admit'auce to the! Museum and all (he ruteil mounts 33
crnts. < hildren und'r 10 years of ape half price. dJI
Anctlnn Hslil.
BY THOMAS DKL1..
( 2tom Yea.II -inn end 115 Fuliunitrirti )
kriday;
At 101 o'clock,lu'hc Sa'es Rooms,
A splendid atockof first rate ready made elothiiiz. Also,
hainliomr and well asiorted dry ponds At ll| o'clock precisely,
an entire st?ck of choice wines in demijnhm and bottle,
rix.: Huieriar Maleira.Port, Sherry, he., faroritc brand-?
Also 10,',00 Spanish Septra.
Alto, by order of a in irthal, the balance stock of millineiy,
including I0J splendid new atjle ladie< bats, with ribbons,
wreaths, SU-.
Al.o, 10 000 Principe e'ears
SATURDAY.
At 10}o'clock at the Auction Rooms.
F.itrnsise Furailurr salt?comprising the entire spl< n ud
Furniture ul a family pil ing op lion-cheeping.
Alto, stock"of clep i it uc w city made cabinet Furniture. by
order of assiput. s
aaanrtmr ut ofapltulid ?ofn, rocking chair* aofa bedg ami parlor
chaiee. from a inauufreturn giving up buaincu.
Catalogue! iutime.
GH. lllLli(C<imidau)rc |Ket ully anuoutic-a to the pub
lie that he wi!! aire a lecture. at l.liuton Hall, ou Friday
evening, January 7, lilt, on the Mamma Cuitonti. fcc lit: . ol
the people of New KugHnd. at originally g ?rn by In in in
Beaton, with a cumber ot char tcleriatic aarelo ri.imitationt,
&c tie
lVkcta SQctnla tuch.to be had at the Clinton Hall, ami at
the door.
Doort open at 7 o'clock. Lecture to commence at naif paet
7 |ireci?ely. j*jk*
17KKNCH BKNEVOLENT hOCKTY-AI the remrai
I nireiing of thia Society, held on the 29th llecereVr, at
Megur*. Dtlmouico'a, tne Vrreident made hit report about the
tranaaetione iluriig the paet year, allowing the following re ill
e : ?
Rnitpft.
From Its auliacrihrr*. $1,756
Mr. Kor'u.ie Ltelerc l#t
Mr. Daeet, baker, aecurilyfur the fu'fllment of contract,
IPO
II. R H Prince de Jointil'e, ,n u
Mr. C. Coleman in the iiamre of the eiih*cril>ei t to
dinneroffered to the Prinre de Joiuville, HO
Intereet from M-arioga Bank, 18 01
do ou two houda. ao1- yi
Collection iu faror ol T. Meyer i8 *
[ Ihtlimr n, nt
Paid h.r ISOJI Ibt bread, $416 01
For 87 loada w< od ami cual 241 56
To peneionere ot the locu-ty, st?
For PiKiaeeof twrlte peraonr to France IW
For irHTellire ripen?e? of 8 perecne to the iutn ' w 17 23
To Half Orphan Aaylum, 2a
Foraccidenial rid ?94 ?S
For fnneml etpenare ol'lhrre i-ereone, 50
F r the aebool -I." M
For printing, adrertlrny, fcc. y? ?*
$2 ait 72
Leaving! eurplueof ;?? ?
$7.nl0 ??
Wiiieh aurvlnaad led to thereaerve f - da oflaatyear
increate the capit il of ttn Society to $7.C3C 41
Owirg to the protrai led i.htence Ol aeveral of the ( mmia
i u?r?, the number a>i >ubecrib?i-a amount* thie year only to
128. wt ilat in 1940 it anion ted ') 9ti3; Ircncr a great falling off
in the receipt/. On theotli.'i ha m the uumlier of perron* ay
plying lor aid haa al.r > been lei* t u yrar thru the precfoing.
Committkk h Lai ti t> T'tr > ni ir4?
Metera llENR'r Preaideut
J. A. VOISiN I it Vic. 1'reeii.eht.
A I BMOY 4h ,do r{
UJHo WAHl'S A FT>r7ne.aD 'II- H vk-ToT-v. the
dandruff removed, the unr ; "tinted from tilling, and
made to grow, to girr all the l'glit. re I nitty, or grey hair
aofi da;k look . thr ee p? i i u* certify II el their 1 -i r twin; thug
r'iaordereil w.rs completely i'p,|tr.! by i.eing . neca'r Oil of
I oral Circaae'a. tir IV T" >p'iri W h' g Hint, N. Y , F
Kruder. Broadway. N V.; T I n. I', Fulton ?treet, B i oF
1} il By rubl iv.g tin- in fhc rn ti ?' the I air it marker ?tored
a* thuar ; era-nr were. I I | nc" of th la only 3, 8 r2
alnlli genhittle. Kalreot.rif it not geuni Iirjeee Igned
T Joter on ear h label -nnn yon g i the r gt,t number, *2?
1. ok, si i i Oimn ?tr> ft, but a er/ia'' b title to try? it ie not a
I uff. the price will till y 'hat l'i plea hlotchea, an ! ill
erupli r?0i t!ie?k:0,air rureu by >i.- W Btir/'rd'a, c ,||r-d
Jonea'a I oil in fJa'tn. ' 'Id a' t?" ? rne glare. j4 jf
. . V,' v >1 \ - V Kl n Ml - I! 80' IB] V -\ ,,k. , m-,
lN : tr of DAVID A VI) uot.f vill.w. I tw
vrl'ri J " T itaJajf He la,', J, ui...r, u,at lli; y
Tabrn.acle.
H*r?rrvB? i!rritr?r?rrr).
fli.tcrof I'arid Mr?. Sn. .
Moh'.,?' .1 filler of * i.1 Mi*? IV non
D.mtl Mr Br?'mir
I (hilialh Mr A. Kyle
Jaill Mr J Scl.w.il* V*. '.It
nl'ihi ..... . Mr. K Mum< D
MtMeiigrr A member
Ik irv?i.f tiberd*. v arri' rr, I. iit. ?' in?l?- and
I'm i'n a'ten '.? << P "i?ii.Wr? < ' .!? A -li-lf
I.' i ! i .it! C" .met ir \lr V I ll.fl
l>r .it Jr. R. 11 art
T !> I? oui dn'i >r rarb to be far! at III' uric .n r.ji at the
Indu'rrriilD IU i .< rv\?. " .fill- Unit tnJ X mean;
Unite \r?- Hon. YV.it, rrrt > t; r| ttn S"< 'dry of thrScri<
r. in ,| t Hi" .io.ir on lb* nriii^ of perform, tire j wkerr
lull'. ? " iit b.' fir *?lr.
Alnni r* >ml ub-. n'.rri will r": irr their ti-le? hpttll
'Ilk 'III A fip' ? . rr t". > 111 Nl j giro I, up g irg-.
nh'Tr jrr. an tntrhi ij to l/.'con < mr,..b< m or gnSgci il??r?,
in?v r.i pi,
I) i i' eo it e "VJ'dt j-erfirr ue? wit! eonnmtncr at 7J
brr.j-r'v. AS
1 ( It I HK WAII M r the 'i i. i'.n pi lh' I r"in < r ' rr
V* 1 1 " I .If I t ! iok' "1 w I > k With lh' ll.'Oie < 0
i ? nl nil!' t Milii',' I II f, i' r i f ' f ir. i lid Vr
'lie.'* T'lep1' "* ' 11 In rttUl th< ( ..I'ler h)ii??t
irr f i hii" a n! V j I ,,
_i" ^ ' I'MV f. '"Y, 1* fh'Tghft.
- i i I. ? I ill- ? i,> -lore X<> *i
o- th ?!ree'. HI1" i " I.I rr ii'? . ii a; t v
h iiik m J IHN U DMA V i n lh i rr i tie a.
Al..,?t'>i 'tr i (in U? li"d '.II 1| l|r I inn or above. '?
^ i ol'ATi'f i:- - I'-hM ?: vs*\s i r n-Wr?'.'d
Bf. 'lohi <?. co or br*V?i? the let of Ap'i'in*1. n retin'rr * ?
* it'r ail'ia'.r'l with r To r. ' . I' Ni * Vi-rfc, in Ii a
term ( from 'lo to ll'i irrrn tir'ifd (lno < nttna'idig ?
v ilri vi' w p? I. r "eit. A'Mr -a \ I, ?* I rr mi 1 at *'? .
I'o h * lie, Weg'rhrri'rr fn '.If, ipOnt ITnr) A. Y ,ptv x
lb i i lino i (;Hr ..nice HT'*'
V TK.N D'll.Llll" IlKWAHD-Cr t or ,|.dr^
t on do' .'av .!'(rii.v i. o I I tm, y, a wliiir fronlo
i ' l.'"ill tan i" p i->. willi a blaf k ri.-n r nod V r '?ft . j e.
.i i ''Ur?|i>t on hor hicl., mm ir m i'tr i."uie ' Vic
\V k>.(? I ium. In r .o N , 3. '.Veal lol. tlf ' I tl i'k
I- " . r,'.. v WW r I. jtZi.*
?! I II.:-.y. b(H.LAR HATI! t lf'K.t. i ni.LAH
I. .v'l A ! - Ji ! lin.r'tIkr to o'?iiloti?l,<! 'rlii l? e rrrrf
. rrd i.. th" rai ilie I'd -hi t abor* ? t ttm in Muootthe
v r"i of AIk an aitiol* at Aj to, tiual in lor .htbtf
tr.il '-'.'re to mo*r ro-.-.moolv anld ?i fb
dir iio" t"! <WV ;v?rr?r.l U-'lr- ttt i>rai ?r
K(>H HAI K II* W- ' ft f in infHufo, J
Jt, i^?i -V imI *?? ' . t<*ry f ?ivi') Jm' ?' yi
( \ ) ^ | )I? M t| II r d to #? M vfft ?To
*?t Kw.fl Jilfkblt? Ir IIowr?nfivzxr iinnwwij.
i? h\
JSIXT1* MILKS LESS TRAVEL Hi AX 11 \
j.vr other rorr t
,'4/1 'i'lifc MO.1l' KM'KDliiOUS KOI t*.
?L->t !3iTO ALISWV, ?i* UKJDOEPOKT-K?i< 1
till ffl VftLth'f?Ugl> $4.50 1
ThriUaunroitl KOI ON or the M M ROD, lea* cs Lath
riur M-rfcet *Iip, K<?m River mile, for Bridgeport,every morn* w
iuc rtc " t S*m!.ty, at 7 o'clock. Frop bni!|rprrt,^Knj;<ri J
Mill t forwarded by the Housatouic Railroad 10 W??t ' *
n*HU. mile?) to lodgr, iheuct to Chatham (*tt miles) by [ J
stag* i .d thence to A batv (to mile*) bj Albany and Bostcn *'
P.a?lr? ad, arrir mg at II o clock. A M
fcf- Th* Rai road nrs are well w riard by stoves.
MMge or fr? ijdit Mil bonrd of tht ^iil or it t ?
Y*tk II u?e. No. S CourlUudt dtrtet, where tickets can In J*
pamiml. j6im *
. . i i M'pi >K I A N r
HCKLHUKT * CO.'B NFW YORK
&t7T* ^3*AND SPIUNOKlLl D PA*'h AOK KX- '??
ir lff?i T PltKSS via New Haven la id; '
L)flj< 7 Wall direct New York; 34 State street, H rtloid. rL
The subset it ere w ill run * Packag* ( ?r. under the c.ire of :m A
agent, to the *( amboit tram, for the conveyance of package* 1"
ot every description,boir*, bin>d|?* daunt1* Roods, banknotes. ,A
peoe kc ; pdckagr* will nlso b- received <t lh?* ? ffic* 7 W l cc
street, New Xork. and I gwaided to Norwich. Worcester, Jj
Bodto, Hat tiord. New Haven, Springfield, Philadelphia, Hal* t.i
tinsor-- Whfchington, Salem, Lowe!1, I rum-mlli ?'id Port- *
laud, Hollowe) , At gudta, Bangor,and all the principal eastern *V
ci'.ira and towns. ,
All package* Hi >utd be marked c.ire of iiurlhut St Co.'i c:
F.i r?'d. Large packages will be called for, it notice be left at **
the office. W
Particular itt? ution will he paid to collecting and paying di
dn t?, notes a :d bills, urcha# - K goods on all the above ii. nud *'
I 1
Hurlbiirt St Co or their ?g n vill ? .'instantly accompany,
and hav? the eiclusiv raee <1 ?es'ody of their package cars, ^
nod w ill be r? dpousible l< r >he goods carried in, or destined ol
for it, by loss by fire..'ud I'-nl of the ?'u t to ptr d. t!
* aMO* SMITH, 'Voprietor, *
7 Wall street, \ew York. b<
J. HURLBURT, tl
St State ctr?et Hartford. Ct. f<
J. IIUKLBl RT. "
j$ IMOH SMITH. *
FOR ALBANY?And intermediate places. n
Cm ^ '"-4r UV **.,^e 'ne ?o Conner. hi
boat H03KRP L. STEVENS. Captain Mabiy, will leave m
Murray strret Pu r Sunday morning, at 9 o'clock". ri
N It?This boat tame through from I'oughkcei aie ou hrr
l*?l trip. f
F r I n age or Fr*ight, apply on board, or of Crcoke, Fowks
St' o. at thejjorner ofWest and Liberty streets. jl k
c *??' ?*N| hi AIL l.l.NE FOR ALBA.W. an i inter c'
mediate plan a, or a* tar as the ice will per- "
V niit?Breakfast on h->ard.?The eteamlii.it r
EMK.KALD. Capt. J. hn Ken-ham. will leave the footof.Murray
street. this morning ,t o'clock.
For freight or passage -pply on bean), or to CROOKE, M
FOWKS it CO , at the corner of West ami Liberty streets
_Jt ? T
Srv - ? eel DAlFT LINE TO ALBAN'V AN'O libs_?!.*>,?
..JaTON.?Through New Harm, Ilartlord anil
r~ t.T.i "J o.,-..,?it-l.i Fare six Hollars.
Paserogers may ftuve New York hv steamers NEW YOKK i
and KOSi'lUSKO d uly, from Peck alip, at 7 A. M. artne ',
at N w Haven t half put 12; thence by railroad to Hartford, ?
and .rrive at about 3r. M where stages ap-in readiness to ;i|
take them to Spru.etie'd, and arrive at about 7 I*. M to lodge.
Leave Sprimfi. d at 7 A . M., by railroad lor Boston or Albany pand
arr ve at either destination at noon. I,,
Returning by eatne rooveyance, leave Albany or Boston at 7
A M .lodge at Hartford, and arr.ve at New York retwern I
an 1 3 P. M following day.
Travellers are asfuri d that this line will be rsnlinued with- t|
out interruption through Ih season. and the proprietor* will piwe
In ir tit mo?t exertion t > make the route the uioel eomfor- (||
table and pleasant ol'any for the winter. d3l Sw* a
PlKb 1 I \l KET SHI I' roll I. O MM t N?To
tdLr2 vail .ia the loth met ?The superior fa* I sailing i'*i ket ?
zSt~*^ .hip MONTREAL, ( apt 'I luker, aill eail positivn. ?
|y M above, ner n gul.tr day; can acrnrunndate fecund eabm ,f
and ?ti e age pa-sriiger* in a comfortable manner, if early ap- L,
plicatii u is uiade ou bo ird the (hip, at the foot of Pine sire t,
Js' JOHN HF.RPM AN*. 91 South ?t.
a , I'Ab.SAtlE bolt LONDON?I'oket lntli.li.miarv?Tt.e
splendid fast sailing packet ship MON- J
jSP-'t. -PRE AL,Capt Tinker, sails pofilively as above, her f
regular day. v.
This ship ha* spier did accommodalinn for eabin. fecrul 0
cabin aud steerage passengers. For passage, early application w
Wonld be made to
W. k J. T. TAPSCOTT, 49 South street,
j) _ or 43 Peck slip.
FOR NEW ORLEANS? Louisiana and New
mJjf'x'WYnrk Line?P. eitively Firvt Regular Packet?To
m gallon the ISth i.st?The sp.'hi'id and fast sailing
pacsei sl ip LOUISA, ('apt Ylulfoid. will positively sail as
abov., her r.gular day. For freight or passage, having salen
dxlly lurinshid arci inmnvlations, apply on,board at Orleans
wharf, foot ol Wall street, or to ?. K. t OLLINS St'.'o.
59 Snutu sticel.
Um.it care will be taken to lave the goods by this] line cor- u'
icctly mi an red. Agent
in New Orle ins, Jas E Woodruff, who will pron.p'ly
forward all govds to his add'ess.
Tit- paeket ship LOI *1 -V 11. LF., Captain H. Hunt, w ill snc- J?
ceed the Louisa, and sail the 20th inst., her regular day j6 jjJ
ztfj. PASSA(JE FOR SAVANNAH?First PaekafiSgrV
et.?The splendid packet brig EXACT, Captain P^
JBW?aLaJolmsoii s ills pi sitivrly as above v
This viasel has splendid ai eoinmodatious fer cabin,second J
cabin an! ete tragi passengers. F'or pamsge, early applies p.
ti.m shsuld be made to |
W. it J. T. TAPSCOTT, 4t South street,
4 4d Peck slip.
FOR MOBILE The splendid packet ship i-.
Uh-.?.(}REAT BRITAIN, Capt. Praul, will be deap.atchfrhV
is?'d tor Mobile ou Tin sday, tlth inst.
Sh- his unsnr lasard acetiiinnod itions lor rabiu, tnd cabin
ftndsto rage passengers, who will he taken at the lowrst rales
Alldy on bond the tlun, at Pine street wharf, or to
W. St J. T. TAPSCOTT, 44 South street.
j< Or 43 Peek slip. "
MffjT- NEW LINK OF LIVERPOOL PACKETS- *"
H' gulKr j?tickrt of the 9tK Jau.?Thr fple-udid packet
SOUTHKRNCK, Capt. A S.rafiner. ?i ill tiu)
aealHX e, her n gylnr day.
Tht aKipfl thin line are ill luOO fO!i? burthen and over, i
mnd their aceommodati..us fortabin,sreond cabin, and sterngr I
|ias?ei g?r?. it is well knowu are su;>eriorto any other linr of I
pnckeis. Persons desirous of securing bsiths. should not fail I
4* make sarly application to n,t
W. It J. T. TAPSCOTT. 43 South "t?et,
P?r?or?d<airO'ia of arntling f >r their friru !? ran have ilirm jj*
brouc t out by thin favorite aliip, or any ather line, nailing ?'
from l,ivrrj>ool weekly and on favorable term*. Drafts for JJ1
ny amount, payable on the National and Provincial Hanks of ?
Irelm I and ihur Branc ??, ou Mo-rn James Bredt.hon it ( r>
Bnnkeri, London; Ktchaage 'and Diaaount Bank. Liverpool; Vj
which are payable in all the principal town* of the United
Kinido n; ran he had by apply ing at Tapscott'a General P t
Mget'Su-e, t? Booth streeC jS
PAt'KE FttTiTit HaVhK.?Sicond 1, inc.?The I
IfWyDcwihip ST NICOLAS, J. B. rdl, m.utcr. will
^KHMMtiul oa the 1st of February.
BO VI) U HINL'KEN, A pent*, .
j 6 No. 9 Tontine Building.
qMIE RiUSEUM OK FOREIGN LI l*KRATtJHK,?ic. kc
A for January, 184-2, is published.?ft contains the admirable* T?
arlirV ujon Warren Hastings, by Mscaulay ; ao 'article by *
Pmfe*n*T Wilsrn, uj on the Downfall of Napoleon, which will Cut
rivrt il t attention atid\|uicketi the pulie of e?jrry re ader ; ( at- !
lln's Ix-liera aid .Non a on the North American Indiana, with lar
excellent e* tract* . Briti* ? Field Snorts. mort elaborately and tb<
fully treated, afier Nimrod's,usual pleasant and gosaippiug txii
tyle ; Winilow'* Anatomy of Suicide ; the late Lord >y kn rnc
Hair : the Two Nuns, a deep tragedy ; the first part of a;i ae- wii
count of Ana n's F.xpcditinn ; a Sure rlan for War against the #p?
United "Tito a Love Letter of ifi69. very go >d ; Convent of' wh
Kranci ros ; Barnaby HiuLe , Chirk* O'Malley ; Anecdotes afi
of Hoi.ii, kc. A.'., with about forty short articles <>u Science IVi
and Art . as many more of a miscellaneous ch trader, and *68
MM poelry. ii
This number of the Museum is made up from the K linburgh
Review, Aibrna;r>in. Dublin Univarsity Magazine, Dlick*
w > b Mag a mn* , Brit aum i, Kraser * V in ted Ser?n * Journal. j f
Hi ttniuer. Mr. Dickens, Chamber*# Journal, Liteiary Jouraal mel
and Spectator. ~
Wi embrace lhe whoi'* circle of British Periodical Litera- ?i
turc . and as the Museum contains more matter in one of its
monthly numW rs than any ?>f the Edm'rurgh Reviews, we are ^
able to ofT-r th pith and spirr ofthewhele. The February *
QUmh r will contain another e*ci 1 lent article by Mr. Macau- |*j?
tiy. ' The wheat from these publieations should be winnow* J1
od r Price f-6 a ve.tr Published by
E. LITTKLL f<>, 297 Chrsuut street, Ph li 'elphia. ,/
Hold by t 'A KV1I.'. fc CO , New Vork, ?
Just publubcd, ... above, handsome and cheap edition. o!
Een Ibon.and \ V?r. Cnarira O'Mallry, Barunby Hulgo, r
Id t or i wi\ Sbl p j? Slit
nrmiet'T mkimthv.-du. o hkknna. h** n* f".
vv nonor ol informing tne citlviu ol New Vor?, ili.i
he cur*, radically, on the home painic ey.trm, anu in * tew
days, every deecription of ayphilir di.r*.e, whrthrr reernt ?r
of ion; itanding, without lUnger of lelapne. which very ollet
occurs by t!?e u?e of mercury
Tlir rrnirdy of Or Greno. doe, not ronlnin a particle of
tereuiT. ar any o:her rorroeivr or ,Mii.ono.? wiinernl. end
thrrr'. cane- )>o??lb.j cisirite anv drlelrrimii ltdiuraee s\
ow the body- It cun be ^ouvriiirutly .dininutered; it. oper* U
tioo it i?!w?y? ??fe. and no lutd ronne pirnoce can follow from lrr
it* u<', I.or ever critical the cireumctnocee under which it 11 na(
tak ' - 5m
Palirnte washing adatre can rontult Dr. D-enn* ?.t hi, ^
omr?. < ?raiiitr Buildiug. corner it Braadway aurt t naciD'rv p,|
,tr> ?l rntrancein t hanibcra atra t.?t ane hour from in A .V. ^
to i P M. j3 lm ay
rpHIRD anm .m.'BAi.l ok Tin. ikkk kso.a tjiik *|,
I NAUIKKB ? Tlir llmd Aanu.l Ball ol ihur <mpaoy will
Wke 11 ac on thr DttS Januarv, I3tt at llie Vpotlo H.loun,
Br ?.lw o . Thr best Brum Bin.1 of the rity u rngig'-J lor tV
tfcn.ee loo. Ti?kel? M each, to l r had of ,
''.plain teks'. 15* rrrnwicb atreel, '
loeut- Sch:os#e* ,5S ' entrc ?i j
Ord. Serg SthrIpl, NT Hoosr-Tell si. Sergt.
Hi bwartr. 196 vec?3ndst 1:
S'-rgt. lUmer. 107 VVsfchington st. rl
Ciirp. Frank UrUorrjr ?t. A
Forp Blanc. 74 Fulton st. #ji
L^rp Schli fser, Wenry t*Uy Howe. th
hi ?it* Prir Bohrer. 78 Jbww wL r**
ARTIFICIAL TEETH. ' ;
AKTIITK.I \L 1 KK 111?Without f'la?|a. Ligalnnia Sir, ,h
froui a ?iHil* to.ith to a full ...d completr . t. rn thr pria- t*opltj
..f alwcpbrrie prr?.ur . t-y M. LKVK. rT. Dsniiat >|i
1*0 Broadway, cornrrol Warrrn at at.
fKromthe N'r . Vor? I mnmrreial Advertiser.) fr,
A'ri nd at nur rlhow rr ; if.t. ... ... notirr .ornr ireth he ("s
had 11 rrtrd oy l^r. Levrtt, ol No gso Br idway, and to state |?i
hia eat re aatief.etioa. n \t only with regard to the teeth tliem ?o
twlvea, bill the manner iu which Ihie delicatr o;eratian wa,
par for IN. I
Dr Lcett bar b?en too long b f'rr the pobln- a, the intr of
darrr f the ' Atmna|>U?ric t're aurr Principle," to n riire a r
eyllnb\- from u< W
Copy of a latter frr.m l!. u. Duff Orren to M. I.rvrtt.
Baltimore, H. pt tl 1911.
Mr Levelt?I write at tlie requ.at of a friend f..r whom ywa
Wide i of artificial teeth, to aiy that thr have gtvmen- f"
tire aa' I-faction, and that your | rim iple of atn cwp ric ;^e,. "
are ', f illy aerified Ifeeladuty to yon and to a nh w may ["V
atari.I in mrd of jrour LC-ofe#.lonal acrvicea to recommend theva
h> VOU Vour 09e lieul .rrvant, Dl'KK I iKKV.N n*
n IW V I.K.VKTT :i,llr loway! "JJ
Fil.i UH I H K B>.N.MMrl()N. tTouaaouic fl.ilr.a.].
Bull In, and all the eaf'U fui,.l hanlu n'ajtjt I, n rri*>
Olear. and ill the tree or red W? k hanka id thi? State taken at 1
p?r f< t Ittha, < WAimnrra. rratmita. lllnnela Jic at the !owr,t \
tit |< > ' at 481 Greenwich at reel iie?et'aiml dlt 1 mar*
DH TATLOH'S L) A 1.8AM OK UVt HMHH I -> c"
Re card will e uni 1 In any peraon aK# will yot. lie- "
Mart ti ill of the " Widow iu the Bnwepr" t.. be trur, that 1 7
rI not the brother ot her late huahaad. K \ Thayer .r that "r
do tut poaaeaa the oiipmal tr :ipe for Tay lor a Halaam ot
Litem rl ot that I a**rr mail or a aid thia medicine it my i*
late reriuint*, I7? Bow.ry *
XV W. Ttttraa. 141 Sprinf at.
Car now?Beware of the atat-mrnia of the interrnte.l 100 "
frloduimt! Datly m et ahanirful atlarka ar. ma Ir. ea.-ida jg
ted I" .1. ceire (airrhiaera and 01 ier?. ae well t ?l-1 ire ih> B
Mrtttfal propriat tr nf all their jaat claim* Ra ie. >> t, ther* %
ptrnt 1 ae nrifitul re'ipe in enutence, ami that i( ir Sprint at V
hm wli ch khe medirine wee unfit ally prepared uy then '
in the B tarry, ami 1 atabl (liej the mediator inilahifhir '
St a Touch aonr made hv thoee who are trj h>r to d-r? re
>n he fait* taaertiona I'urehaee only that ini.'e from the
i?ii'.?i -eeipe id fpnaf > treat ana J on are certain of the 1
permit'e. '
A(enl' anaoth're aopphed, 01 loftily funmb'e l?rma. br af
Ike ?<>l? proprietor, W. W. TiUre.a, pet SpnoR atrret f. r 01
nterlr jT3 Hewerr. .! ' ' w
INFORMVTtON WA,\T I tin J UN 11" < > m 1K Tt
lriahmo who landed in Niw Suik hr 11.1 of Jury art. tell ?
Ikia nty ,?th for Warinmh, ac mpuu-d by another liiahir ?n J*
f the iM.it r ot Henry D nnatou who a aid hrwta, ,n? lo .. ^
ancle . kn,i Doctor Johnet'-n who lired eonrenienl i" rt 1 ?
ranii. k. At y informal! .0 Riern of the eaid lobn <)'< nnuor
wiU tw I.'i.utefnljy recrireil ni l fnleftilly aeknowrieitcwd he
it ? T l.tv V. j Pell at v,. J,
MUrtl.k to /o-..w'/. f*
i IRA 1AM i. JA' KBOS. FtWiinroner, M It-lie time- '
** D't- li ..adway, loaaea fnney in inryt or avail egro?, , p
*>' le t< j? red. on p?.-r I pen a. deacii.tiyna. |o | ^
L,
i lnvi!i \ *u<\ jht?' n? ??f iWlitite health who v tit thii 1
Maiid. " '
Havana. !5th Ptc, 1841. Aran
T h^J Ions h'fn a matter bf rrgr*t l?? -he itthab tants of thu ?
t>', that <-u the arrival < f in* Ji*!< from the lulled Mite*
it . It urn ol introduction, it has i-ever been in their potifi '
rtcom.i.end them a cuitab r icii'l'iio in ti e country. It
?*, therefore, bet n urm^ri for ?uch per*ori?, either to t It
p toeftr ubode in the i?o *1* iu town where the noue and bus- '
e of a crowded city, .? I the want of the purr atmo?: heie
id <-ill!) retirement of a rountr life prevent their deriving B
iat bene-iit, frtvm the change of cliintte which they naturally
ipeel, or thry arc compelled to ^ In place* iu the country,
'? ie no adrquate pre par at ion he* been mad*- lor receiving
inn, aird wheir ?h? apar' inetiti, accommodation*, and man- h
rr of Iniiitf are in do wise calculated lor jeraoLs in a deli- ^
ite stale ol health. V
Kr m ; due emit (deration ef this want, and of the (treat he. k
n tliAt would be derived by invalid* who stek to rrgaiu
ii h althm the mild *nd brnertc?iit climate of t'nha, it a J
it..Mr sbc it .should he provided for them, th< ' ..in ii*-'
medical practitioner l?ng e*t;?b i bed i.i thin city, ha* appro* l?
iited hi* beautiful coflft? e?t 'te.railed the Bueua K*p*ran- ^
i, hi uat d id the most he.lthy >-ud rmauti* part o: th^ ;
> u.trv,*o as to form a residence <Q>i?liy agreeable and attrae* *
ve. lu order Ho carry .iut this iu ention to the fullest extent h
>atptofeiiiuakl knowledge unl a h i g experience cl the efcti
of tropical climate* rould attain, no pou* have b<?n
tared to form an r?t atdi&hnent w hi h afford* to li e invalid '(
i wtll at to the healthy vi-iur. every rational e }.?> merit that \
in be derived front dwelling in lite inild< *' climaie, *i rround- '
1 by the most pi. turetquc vegetation. The giom.d I .id ? ut iu J'
ie beautiful ?ty le of a c> fF< e tfta'e, comprise about five htiu- {!
red sierra The Hue a Kspennta is m uated in the south h
<le of the island, aud is thns. i a ^.reai m? -sure, sheltered *
om the chilly wind- which low and thru blow from lite fII
irth, during the w inter n onth*. The district u which it inJ.r!f<
es ha* he en,from its extieme beau'y. termed the Wiudior p
f > uba. The house h a been built w lh every aitfiitioii to "alto
ie*e comfitr * so iudispen* ?le to invaiitU, and < f which tl?c articl
r>i'dn K* of tbi* coantry are so destitute. All the r,otns have time
nai drd floors and gI*sr windows. 'I he *tab!i*hment is oa t?u f
r i ng of that ol ? printi famllr, of which (he gut vt# thjij
>rm part, making th?ni*'- uh quite at h< m?, anl without be- f ired
tg confined to those re gulit inns which are uecestary at ho- turn
I*. Iii thij etUt>li*h?iirut th* lavtohtl h i* it ib hM | ower to 1 "JLU
ary ) is nmuseuiet Is l>v walking in the il.a?!v .tv*;uuet of
i:\rtg9 and palm ?r'?s, l i ling on horn b i'-k or in vdante, viitii.e
the l etghbonng c?tales, so thickly spread thr ugh the that i
opnTous country * I are#* .?r est t?, close at haud, affords n)t r
n opportunity of drinkiu? the h it cane j dee. while the sur- co_'1'
luaiog woods furoitn a I I 1 sportsman. *
Th* subscribe*'* numerous family ie tdm cons, anily on the ni'.l, r
emisvs 1,1
The Burin Kspcr.iuv* is situated about thirty-fire miles
>uth west of Havaua. the route which cro?vci h most Urely up
id try is as follows -From Havaoat Bejueat* 15 mitas 01 ' "
?e railroad?from Brjucal to liuena hspetanz-, U0 miles on a item
irriagi * 1 icuptei tut fire hours IMI.
uy application to th* snb*crib> r. at his resid nee in Havana ^*''
fo 96 O'Keilley at the pirty can be for winded to the estate
i u ui d? lay.
All# persons applying are e* pec ted, if not previously known, Com!
> bring an introduction from lonie res/ectable mercantile
use of this city. AO
EDWARD KIM \Y. M t). O a
{'idle de O'Reilly. No. 55. atlrti
I have viaiird and ?pent ash rt time at the estate of Dr Kin moii)
iy, d-scribed in the above letter, at d most fi lly concur in llien
v? ry itatemeut tlere made as t? the Buena K-peran/.a. It is hie a
Dt surpassed for be?uty of srruerv ?cd ahealtny location by And
ty place which I liaveseinin Cuba, and th numerous fan ily nuro
I Or. Kiuhi) most eeablt and inteil rtu-tl, Mid the Kngli*h those
reach, and Spanish languages. are all spokc-u by several mem- ed th
prs of his family. (Signed) profe
R. J. WALKER. ar.n
In addition to th* uhove testimony from the Hon R J. Walk- large
. the distinguished I' S. Senator, reference may he made on been
ie subject t . K. I- IMavin. Esq. of Albanv; J Ulnndgootl, quae!
sq. of Mobile; (ieul Tallmadtf*. ot New York .?*td his son- Watt
i-luw,Mr Van Rensselaer, of Albany; Ilou. Judge Bojrce,of Koi
Inav.dria, La. and Henry A. Csit, of New ?ork. dt :
j4 lw !V4 ' w 7~T [j
jOTII k -'I h< subscriber is reducing his large assortment A (
s at unusually Isa pita - such must please ill who wish thai
i purchase any articles, either ill th** s^dcileiy aud coach bnsi hat hi
ess,an I particularly the following articles use.c
Webbing, thread bitts, stirrups, bells b-w
Patent leather, K clotn bows. lamps, knobs, famil
Laces, tacks robes, buckets, hingta, axlea, aihai
Springs, casting*, ike. JNO. b. BUMMERS, who
i 4 3taw ?2m 130 Water street. The
KANa MILITARY \ M> I rvr BALL, at Washing
' ton Hall, in comtnemor^t o?? of the glorious Batte of N? w the p
'rictus, J in. 8th, 1814. Th" 8ih heu>K on Sn'iiriluy, trie Ball his ei
ill tHkf place on Krid.y. ihe 7th January, 1842 x?e
Committee ol Arraneemeuts. N.
Gen H Storm* (J?n Oeo P Morrii Chan
t'urtii Maj Paul K DelarunJ mm;
Mull, Braisttd Maj Jesgtip! own 1
Major Tutt'e Capl J I, fcwitt uirap
'tipt Cornell ('apt Dorrnuick ?H
Capt Hetna Cant Bradley,
Hon K ATalmaffe M B Hart
A mo. Lord, K H Barton
Thomna Dell Aaron Unttrrfirid "P
The Coramtllre rl(dS'e themrelmthat thia Ball will begot
on a acal- ot'atyl' ami aplrndor worthy of the occasion. ?
The services of Mr I'.rker have been procured a. Master of Dress
remonies. Over
Price or tickets $1, wliich will admit a geutlrinaa and ladies, < assi
ay br p oenred of eithrr t rnllnnaii of the Committee, or at Rieh
e Hotel Karly application i< necessary, as the number of N.I
'krts are limited. Dancins will comnuucr at 8 o'clock.
N. H.?Military p'-nllcu.eu are particnlarly rciuested to ap- wort!
ar in uniform. <lai eiw'it* Beavi
H.% rtmitteMM may be transmitted to the same addresi '
ax his letter uf 9th December, and the parlies are desirous
writ" to I iin. a, 1
!fs?v York. Dee. 17,1841. Jlllw* "
:oi let.?Ti.e 1:m ot iiaiLly. WaSS ?c C O. IS thu T)
' day dissolved by mutual co.sent, Laurence A. Mtll.ii.doi
vine withdrawn from it. a'*? 1
8. BAILLY, co"??
Br Al/ti. H WARD. Attorney. of Ne
AUUS. H. WARD,
LAURK.NO; A. MILLANDON, H ~~
O. D WARD, Jr. 19,
- the Bl
rhe remaining partners will continue the busincas under the nue.
ne tnm. ~ "
g BAIf.LY
By AUtis. H. WARD Attorney. .
AUUti H. WARD, A S
O.D.WARD, Jr.
Sir w York, Dec. St. 1811. jl 9w" m /
i|8r.ASKH t>t* i'HK t.Y K are attended to by K. 11 ii'J',)''
' DfXON, at IM Hudson street.?The operation for fluint- Paris"
'gives vert little pain, and is inv.iri ibly suensxfut. liefer- ?rem
cea?Robert 11 Morris, Mayor of New York ; Rev. Kelis ?, ? i
irela ; H'lU Judali Huumoud ; M B Hart, High Sheriff of Iv,-.,,
"? Y ork ; J. J. Mapee, E*u. ; Siias Carle 4, Nei hew ; James n_. ..t
Hart, M. D ; A. > Hunter, M H. ; and twenty-seven c.ti- i.,..
ts o; or ited on by Dr. Urx.n. Office hours ftotn t to 19 A. the or
Dr. I), at lends to all other nuti.-nI <lna<-.sea i11 ' 9w* J j
Ot D LEAK, a I J. Iiarratl ? I* rtorv, ttl.t Petri street t anal
Fraiikliu square, under Hooper's Lookiug Glass Stores. Moan
Kx Ira deep g lid, per pack. $7 ig Symc
Usual gold, do 7 00 Doolil
Bale gold, do 98 d 18 I
Deep fold bronae, per ot 98 oo
Tale gold brotice, do 95 00 l) i
Copper broux-*, per ol. from $1 tag 00 . ~
Two first rate inn Ids for sale dl8 las* \\* *i
MADAME REST ELL, -t
LMALK fHlttlt IAN. Office and residence Ms Cirrru nue b
wtch street, w here she ran he consulted with th? strictest in the
r.udeuee on all r. mplamts incident to the frniale frame. lonry
vl-dtme Westell's mode of treatment in all cases c( irrrgu vrrtis
sly or nupi rcssion ol those functions at nature upon which agves
* health M every female dryads, IS turn .is t? r,'juire taiii.g
I a tew days to effect perfect curs. Ladies desiring proper ward i
ilical attendance during confinement or other imlispt sitiou. w is v
II be accommodated daring such time with invate and rr Tliayi
ctablr board. "Preventive Powders" for married ladies erwas
one delicate or precarious health forbids a too rapid iurrrnse Be ?
family, will be sent bv tnatl In any pari ol the United Stairs, ?at tl
cr IS i package. All Irtters (post paid) acidrcsssd to 'box street
, N. Y. city." wsll b? received.
Irwton Olfioe No. 7 Kssev at d7 Im*
Oritfc-The President and Director* ot the New kerb ^VT^
and Albany Kail lloiid ( ompany, tuterd to aprly to the Z. "
Cisl ilure of this Slate, at the ensuing session, for an amend- ork i
nt, alteration and extrusion of the charter of the said coin- ",vr I"
! ? malien
few,York. Nov. 18.1841. ut?law 8w 379 B
AKK IV Alt AB1K?Doctor J UR.ANf ih'sH, proprietor of |
Uk rcctorml ( inIf l< Naf< d'Aruii for influaiiitorT and in
ea?r? of the IttiiKu and client, tionreenens, tore throat, and all
eMnr?i r>r?dnpo*ii?* to consumption, with the properly of
ar?og tW completion and nofteuttig the pkia. ^ VJ
lold wboletalc and re t ^il at the office of Dr. J Granger, THAI
Amity street ; also at J B DoddY comer of Broadway and ,
trekcr St.; al Mr. Gaa^uet, 303 Broadway, corner of Duane "Hl4
eet; and at John B. Giuochios, 10? t ana] street. Apothe- "II
ie# and Druggists, or Country merchants wishing to sell \}
uti, will hate adincount made of 25 per ceut on any amount a fi
ir VI A io
mi NTif.mrw.rr
v/ v x J.iiil I il 1 ,nf Vr
FEMALE MONTHLY ?$
PILLS. s?8
WINO to tS?e celebrity, rlficncy and initmhle success of sruibl;
m*.imm Rtililn FmmIi Monthly nils tai nil cjsc* of ktrt|
Pjui rity. suppression, r - * j';* ?>f those functions of pfv dui
t?u up u whit It the health oi eterjr female depend*. since N. I
ir introduction into the United States, now about four years, the lig
inte dfeits and itmi itiona are coulinutilv attempted to be
Bird off lor the genuine. Cheap common pill* are purcha
I a? twrlie seuts ? hot, put tip iu different hove*. and called
entitle Monthly Pills,M with the object of fee 11 nig, if possible. forrei
oue dollar Krmalc* are therefore cn ilioticd gainst these ough t
etnpts to impose utwtu them. It id sufficient heiv to state glossy
it all K.*nia!? Monthly rills are counterfeit*, except those Obsi
d at MiiJame KestHi's Principal Office, 14H (ireeuwich st
w York, asd If 9 Rsees strest, Boston Price $1* Aro
tladaiite KesteU's signature is written on the cover of each AffRI
i. M (
19. B. The married, under some circumstances,must abstain es. h
im their ti*? for reasons contained in the directions. d7lm* mth?
Mi if. ft AO L. K t OOKINO SI OV I. ?'l*lni n<wiy u.vml??i ?t;d It.
Cooking Stole, adopted to the use of coal or wood, m far Dr <
pertor to any other now muse. The oven, winch t* larger cn'ar
?ui that of any other Stove of the same rise, is protecteJir effeeti
rt hy a nateut guard plate, which prevents it from becoming cured
0 much prated, and serves also t>> protect the Hue from ho dangei
ming filled with coal or other obst?nctint* to the drati, h ration
o has a patent damper in for the pur^*#- ol ronveyi:.g of tracte
e vapor arising from rook.tig and a!*-? the dust an*mp tron. utmus
ei ml. Tiie hack Kuletf. which in other Stoves are rei.deroc rate?
m st u#ele** by tt.rti remoteness f rom the blaze, are ?u citu f\ce 12
td its to receive tne same bent tit from the tires as those il ijUl
n?t. Another ven important recommendation to the Eaglt II f'|
loktug Btove, is tji.U i* requires Ir.-s fuel than any other p* forth
it mow iu use The pu'.lie ate respectfully lavited to til 41ij llt
d eiamiue for themeHvea, it the at
THOM \S KltAZIKK'S, *0? Water street, ti,jCt|
Where may be found a variety of the most superior patten rr. wi
H si I. Parlor vod < * ves oS km* diseai
/ \ T? 'Mf's IN!) JKWKhHl I- OR HOI fli v VI K i *d I
' SKMTB.?Just received by the nhectibers some very feelin
s gold and silver lever. anchor escapement ami lepu e Watch ing th
; also a few diamond f ins ami flings. ladies cameo I'm*. and ai
Id Penri's. ( hams. Jtc.. all of which i?e is selling af retail, there
?er than at a'y oth* r place in the city. Child watch** as on th
i* as **0 to $ts each ; watches and j* welry etch:uie*d or they t
tight. AM watches warranted to keep good time or the mo- pleast
y returned Watches and clock* repaired in the best man- in the
r, at ma :h less than the usual prices, Hv one of the finest occas
wkvn tn the city <1. (. ALL K.N. Importer >1 then;
Watches and Jewelry, wholesale and retatj 30 Wall stitut
di Ins street up stairs. sealer
1 kj? vi. inwan haXhAMoI Li?? !y\"
- -UU -IN ii.Minn 1,(1 I).!, gaiMil I Hint r?| iitalion |or fir Ji'|
-r nl to sht, colda, .I'd all .liarwrsul th? Lllt)(a. whcopint g
ugh. pl thtaic.aore thrnit liTarcutnp'aintj, ItC It haahrrn .i,,t
ntr.aiva ima in B< atun for the oaat Irn ye ira. and i? now , ,
rumme tided hytlc midiral I .idly It ia well known tu lie _J
e h?at | reptr.iti 11 fur thr eurr nj c. ufha rirr introduced til P1"',/
r American puMie I) in no i)in>rk in. < irinr, fur rvidrnce of * N
I r(Tir?rv. rrad Ihe dir*( tu na what thia laia.tn haadnne for Nut f
'ai F. flarttden, . f the Boat n f?? York and Hiiladrlr n.i Wtjr f
ipre* Man \m ? tVei-.ta i human II akun.jr , K. Hor- 5" 00
n, Hand Watrrburv. and Vm !,. Howard Srr plana of ii>^t??
aidrpce >n the dirrctiiua h or rale iq Boatnn by M Brown, \ M
) kVnaliinutnii atreel /\
Hold in Niw York i! wh.d.aale a'i,l retail hy A B k I) !,(>< I
ANDBJilrurgiat, " and too Fulton atrert , David ttaitdi fc | ock
> 77 Kaat ll;fadv?ijr , Atv'm H Bauda V t o. 37.1 llroad
?r the mi
FASHIONABLE BOOTS. ?5.
'!If. subscriber return# bis ?ii>cev thank# to hi# friend#, he*rt
<*tMl m uhI the pidblir ^mer^lly, fo* the Itbi-til p>?tmn ?;% in
t which ihty here h*stowed on him since hi* commencement ?iffici
bttetue##, *?<! *i#urt# them thmt nothing on hi# *?nr? nhnll be ry *vi
i tin. to merit a continuance of the Mmt lie has anteeedrd lock*
* ditt to hi# pr??rnt ?t*rk hi obMintng. it< roo?i ier.%bit' | %ttri .
H e ? , for hi# Kalf and Wikatfr trnff # lot of the very bt#l mr ft
i*li r I I reach < nlf-kw, whrch for < ftne#? and dorahilit) ortir
o. He h?ui <??o on hand a q*r%jitity of water aaf*?
sole lesli.ei whieh he rau nen^imend *# * w- A#
rfc?i a-'i !r for crk #i? 1 d-Hihle #ole w^trr proof boot#. Itreti
He :.f I l#o ftste that he take# arawtngs of the feet, wn I*ir
i# I 1 n.ide to suit eiok r.ailotwt <?mtLmeu who way LocV
de? ?ui to obtain ?*nie hw bnott, and agiod fit? art mapc' l
!l> f :t< if loaire tit* enournber a Onai dl4
i %< h ? w a 1 k''' 'w-? Brnndwm ^
lOLnnINtJ < iTi5i h is^rbfe tor *-?4e l r
o> PKR4Si; k IMtOOM.'A Lit t!) t. ? ,4i
TICK ? Proi <*m!m will be rwetired at the office of the I ^
'oir. ? a"' G? n?rV < I P.irchs ?. in thiladsdphi?<ttc f ir- *Lhr
luilo wing it < ruin and ar M< s for the Umutl Ma'ri |?
for the y# hi imtf, vit 10
hie cloth, r-1 w id*, died in indigo nod in the wot A
ky b]tt? t wil rd C)otri,<*4 wide ?i
Jnhlcacbed CotluXi 5*hif li:.g, 7 8 Wide U
llexchrd do do do
lanue) of Cotton and Wool.7-8 wide It
'ai'too Fi mm !, 8-4 wide K
rublea< lied Cotton i >ri!lic?'. 3-4 an'' 7-8 wide
Reached do 8-4 wi le 41
inform Caps, for Dragoons, Artihery and Infantry w
Ompoons. lor Artillery and Infantry
>air Plume*, for Ur agonus N
auds a* d Ta*-< N uo N
Jguillettes, Artillery and Infantry
Korsted S ishes. do do add Druyooaj v.
houider Strap*, do do b
l>o (brass) for Dogoow
I panic t tee. Non. Com d butf. Artillery and lufaotry t<
V>oolleuhalf Stockiii^e ai
,aced Bmittet w
father Btor ki # la
lank< te 6) fee' lorf 5 feet wide, weight 4 roucds
lett?l < up klquipmetits, for Dragoons. Artillery and Inf.
el ling Alee
la'chcta f
pades (
tiums.complete, with Sticks. BIipcs, and Caere
Yomted binding ;ind Cord, of all hands 01
ommou TriU **
V all Trutl and Kin a
loepifal 1 ents *'
'.tinting and rapping KuApsack*
asks and ik>0|-e rage, for one year from let April next.
>ir quantity and number of three ai tides v\ i!l he deter
J hereafter.) # # lj
r whole are to be of domestic manufactured materials. 0
r;. ? i t ill the required Woollen ? ! i Cotton Clot Mid j*
'H,ar< deposited iu the Commissary General's Oilke, iu J J
ity, for t x imiQAtmn. Samples of the Woollen and Cotloths
will br sent to any manufactur* r on application to
IA bi ntiltUid tuel informeltoi ;ivca inii > <[,.
The Rootles are to be of eight *iz? a, and the Caps of "
m* ft. The eizes and proportions of sizes w ill be stated in j
lutracts.
the samples and patterns exhibited the con'raets will be P1
led and inspections made, and no article will be received "
? i&lf rior in the material or w orkmanship to, or that does al
orrrtpond iu erery respect with the pattern on which a
. . f?MU ti< !.
e supplier arc to be delivered at the United States Arse- *4
o ar rhiktd' Iphia. for inspection, in equal moathlv por.
.u d the contracts are to be i t 1ftlied ou or btfoie the 1st c
>f July, 1842 p
e proj ogal* must be in writ in jr. seated. and indorsed, I
postils," and must reach the Office of the Commissary *
:r?l of Purchases, on or before the 17th day of January, h
Noproios.il will be r CPifed af er 3o'cIock of that day. tl
:uiity will be required f >r the fulfilment of contracts. o'
J. WASHINGTON TYBON. tCommissary
Gcueral oi Purchases. rj
siiiART Orsiral^ Ot ficr..
muueiphia, urceniocr I7tn, jsii. iii9ccdiJi7 ('
VKKT'S BALM OK Lll^.-We invi'.*th<- particular !'
iifitti'Mi of our renders* 10 this most ficellrnt medicine. *
ttsed iiithis paper. If we mar rely an thi united tests- '4
* of I ifjjc numbers of the first physicians in this rouutf y,
v.e mmt adwit this nuxtare to be one of the most iJuarticles
for the cure of chronic broi.chitis ever discovered J.
observe, in ii is respect, how much it differs froin the na- J.
us nostnuns so much miffed in the pspeis. Not one of
medicines, whether pills, powders, or syrups, hai receir- "
e approval of any considerable nomher o! the medical *
ssion. But it is not so with Covert's Bsilin of Life. It is
larkable fact thai this medicine has been at proved by a r
number of regular physicians, to wtiom the receipt has ^
submitted a fact that cannot l?e affirmed of any of the
k medicines which abound at the preseut day.?IN. York .?
shmtB.1 il
r sale at 126 Kultop. and 131 Nassaa street, New York.
I"** _ c
K PKUI'KIKTOK (*' THE ARCADE HA'fll. 36 w
'haiiibrra *t. rc.pectfully infurira tie citic n? ol' N. York j]
h tving yiTcn hi. all, tition to the adranremcut of their 6
UK comfort, hap hail prepared Portable Balhs for w inter .
ii the plan of the Pari. a;;d London Portable Uattip.wdnch |
ill at all time, be pie,.arid to .end out to liotrU, i rivate
jet, and Invalid. m their domicile, wi h hot water. TIm
ulagiti of such accommodation inuat be apparent to all
won cJ secure the pleasurable b nefit. of the tepid bath
proprietor, to accomplish hi. prenrut aerommiiilation, ha?
at cou-idrrablt ripense, yet he relies with eonfutence on .
MtronaK? of a dsctruiiy public, whose appiiciation ol
(trtion. to meet their ri nuirementa. he has no doubt w ill .
bnawtMcad by thi-ir kind attention and oram.
B?Onenoar after oider. being left at the Bath, No. 39 "
iber* at the proprietor will I ave the Bath left by I.it car- r
at the residence of the |>er.on requiring it, a. il is hie A
liorae and cart, arid kept eipretsly for the purpose, no S
ynmtmrut canenaiie. f
ei ihjw* JJ3HN B. MAKP1LLKRO.
SMITH & GO'S I
IICES ARE LOWEK THAN THOSE OK ANY G
OTHER MERCHANT TAILORS, y,
tii :
Coats, from $12 00 to 20 OC f?
co. 44 16 00 to 2H 00 ui
mere Taut., from 3 50 to 9 oo m
and splendid VesU, from .. 2 7o to 4 50 m
3 ?Tbe assortment positi.cly consists of upwardeof to
Xt~ $11.606.-?0 tr
i of new and fashiot ahie Clothe, Cassimereg, Vesting., i?r
Cloths, aud other Wttolfen Good a, which will be made at
order, in the most workmanlike manner, at vr
D. P. SMITH It Co.'t Ttiloriag Establishment, pc
No 36 Maiden lane. .<
m" entrance through the ' otb Store. No. 36. w
W. STONE, Attorney at Law, Raleigh, N.C., will at- ?
tend to the collection of all claim, in Wtke Cou <ty, and
o the collection ol claim, of $500 and upwaida in any
y in i he state. ltweK to Bryan it MaitJand, of the city f
w York. 7 ]_
Kion, NC..18th Not. 1841. rts lmrod'MWfcF A
[wja HORNS?Taken from cattle ?liughtered iu this If
\JyJ\J pity. Formic, u> loll to init purchasers, by bo
i teller* little Annotation, corner 5lh street nod lit Are- tr
_ d35 1 >*_ ?7
DECAYED TEETH. |?<
PAKISEN'S SPECIFIC.
CRE CUKE for the Tooth Ache, safeand easy hi the g<|
>lu.atiou. certain in iti ruratiee effect*?a remedy well rI
, and of long *tan.luig?Prepared only by J. W. Clnwwc. a<
it,and Hold by him, whole-sale and retail, at hi* rlfiee,47
It, N Y. Certificate*?The undersigned. huriagused tiie do
n'* Specific. ae prepared by Mr. J. W Clowes. mule in
mending it to the public confidence. L. Parmely, Sw- 'I
iiutiat. 341 Hroidway N. Y.; J. Smith Dodgr. Surgeon
it, 47 Bond stieet, V Y.; N. Hodge,Surgeon Oen ist Bit "J;
way. N. Y : K. <> Burger, Surgeon l>euti*t, 34 Mar ?\
eet.N. Y. (IC/"N B. None is genuine, unless sigued by j*
oprietor. Sold. also, by the following Druggists, Coi }?
13 Blceiber ilreet; Ring, 644 Broadwac ; Schseffrlin. 114 ,
t.; Hart's. 378 Broad way, and cor Hud.-on end North
! atreeti; Milnor. im Uicadwav; Puturl. vmo Chatham;
, 63 Bowery, cor Walker it.; Hutching, 160 Bowety.and j
ttle,346 Centre *t.; price per rial 56 ceuli?half riai 35. RU
l>* mi
TAYLOR'S BALSAM Of LIVERWORT.-At the cl<
d establlsi irent. 375 Bowery.?The r<r?nn advertising hp
ring itreet. fire! urder anonymous initials, th*n as W. H'
11744. aud again as \V. W. I haver, h a not now, nir p
ha* had any eonnectiou with the establishment at No. ha
ow?ry '1 he late proprietor, K A. Thayer, ha.l hut "7
roihrr, named Wiiliain W. I hayer?he ha* not iwrti Ph
home ol hi* dereaied brotherfor ecreral year*. About Ai
rare ago he opened a More at 341 Spring itreet, and aded
Roger*' Baltairi of Liverwort. and near two yearn Ai
ini before the public i? support of Bnrritt Ik Co. in imi- tr
tir Taylor'e Balsam of l.ieerw.rt?did again coin"* forrlaimiug
the i roprietnrehip of aald medicine, wh?? it L*
i ell kiown that aithc time the proprietor, the l?t? FA '
r ftret irtrodoced thi* celebrated medicine, W \v Tiny- 1
ah ait fourteen ve t's .it -c a'
r'ful where you buy?Purchase only?mind this Oivi.t
lie old office 375 B wrry.l brtwe-n F 'Oith aud Fifih *u
a Ouragini* will pleas* address as fonntrly !'.'? I in^ 4"
PERMANENT ESTABLISHMENT. p,
NS. MAI.I.AN & SONS, Surgeon Dentist*. 372 Broad- ie,
ray.and at Londoa ami Pan*, lut'orin tiie public of New c?
Mid i** rieiniiy. th it iu coaeei|ur.DCe of tin ir d ry eiten- m
act ice. thty hare at length b.iu induced to 11*01 per- pr
it eatabliahment, where they tn.-y lie ri maul ted daily, a to
roadway. betw-en F.anklm and White *tree<u all th
appertaining to th-ir profession, in which they har< hern re
ciesiul.in roiux uueiice of their celebrated tin-cm ene* tit
iptovrtm iita in the art of Dentistry . d'JI iin* ol
LORIOUS WIG VICTORY. jjf
.ON, late of Chatham Square, now of 314 Broadwagr he
again taken the first Premium for the hett?pecimen of
fIGS AND SCALPS, j;
O\ VIN( INO proof, if any were wanting, that 1 ,tiee b-i
igruuitv is appreciated before foreign boasting and hum pe
.s the opinion oi three of the oldest and brat judge* in
'tension in New York can lesiifv. The public can now up
front the premiums, ill. the silrer medal I isi year, ami ro
-at premium this, awafded by the American luatiiute. iu
1 or u not the best Wig mik.r. K. PhJon leipectfull) no
alt judge* and wearers to ertwniue hia premium impro he
o**ainsr Wig, which, for surpassing elegance, elate r? th
eneeto Mature and beauty of mei-tiaaieaj atrtu tutt may it:
arcled as one of the greatest master iu.ees ol ari r,?.
M tl 18 Km World j,
I.?Thi? *pl*n<M wig wcijjhj little o?rr U*lf an ?voce.
hUstiviriMWii m
M mufdCtum ami proprietor of Phn'on's celebrated ho
ANTI DANDRUFF, ?
noi int; i lie d.i i.le r romi letrlyf rum liit beau am] a tl.or th
|. anrr f the surface and hair i.l" the head, bat lenrea all
and silky ai^mnntr to the M A1K. wi
iTTf, tioec la genuine uuleea sigued by ?r in ink. ,,
EDWARD niALOlf. J
lied on the premises for 25 cents. d 13 1 m*
IMCAL ( Altl) ? Dr. I o.n-tK. I: Imam far a I
lhathatn at., stlH affords rrl'rf to the afflicted of hoi i i. ? n'
araf W dwrnn toMlttil) trttk Hh Mbmi tod ?r? ot
wnrilfiiia nf delicate dtsrasra ui-rctiii.il affrctiOM u
r numerii us symptoms arising Irom thi* disease. Kntn c?
a extensive practice for the last eight ysars in this parti co
hr inrh of tl.e profession. guarantees a safe, speedy and s<j
rnuieto ail person* who apply to him. Krrntrase* | eh
in a few (I iye without III'use of mercury, or an, ther I
rou? mrdinrine. No int'rrapiion from business, or alte- . er
m the mod' of linn;. All whose ease? harr bt a pi o- fo
d or argraratrd by ma'U-ratinrnt. may ?ppl> will, th" u
t eonlidence of being ffecta illy cured. lerws uiodralien,lance
from 7 in the morning uuUl lOa'.uigM (Jf- an
uaue st dlttm* fl<
N-MM'- Mi V . vl A I lliAN Vk'JK I'-VlTUT! ?
tLt.S?A new fountain of health is opened nudges i-p ,
ii healing streams?a bright and g lot ions etar has an-i-ii?
cheering thousands with nuemr. health and life It is
ar of Il .iiur ipathir medicine. Three bills, letithedis l"
y undi r-trod. cure <1 ise as- by a *p<ciflehomcpathia ;?*
ich instantly pnts a slop to tin aclioo and prog ess of the ?.
te. As soon as'hey hare operated, you f"d that aheavy ?*'
ias besn taken frnn the body. and the tranquil. I j-o ant
ge of h, a'lh, immediately spttag op in it* place. By stop- '
i action ot the disease, they restore heali i. end t'lgth. o
ppetite. and all the functions, to tin ir naiural state and ^
corecy ta rapid, perfect and complete. Their opcr ,lion 0f
e h ?il? is abundantly fiee, nut i Irasaut aad natural; .?
,e?er "tcken the stomach orrramp the howels, hut n??i' ,,f
int ami .grrrab'e sensations. and. what is a great object uf
*i Pills, they are always asfr; they may taken all tx
ions, snd n der any rircnmslai ses, with mt r.cir.lto
me of the di'ease, for the operate upon the i-neral eon
inu. > spelling disease from the h. dj ? hers er it may be fl
). Every nit- w ho keeps thee' pit's ly lh in will a is .j s J
a lamity physician m M# o?u hn.uie, ai d wh-n using a
msy confidently reply upon a juirk rector*'. >n ot n? till. it
m?y lie had at T7J and *78 Br. id way. *3 and 3?n flow- ;n
5 and 380 Hudson street, 77 East Broad way, 78 Fn ten ...
. and 28S (inenmeh street. C. WARftt.N. n,
* III
t' n OIM *1 iltp M I I "At. At LACKaWaN
A Kit It K.8.? Heal Peach Orchard, H?d Ash. L.rge K'
'oal. do bly prr- fin J. and delierred to any purl of the F".
re r of car' ag'. at >7 '(I. Broken or K'./y. $8 .vij I ehigh. Si
. Srr. ened I iT>rp ol, til 00. Apply at van' 5 i? \s ?h- hi
I st reel. i ear Apnaf. _ dtl Int* d
tHU AN ttASk LC> h t"0Vt?A.*T, for Ike ssie I.l D<
" ANDREWS' CELEBKATE1) COMBINATION f
<,* ,re now ready to rareire eider* forth ? eelehmtesi "
an I hsTtng snpplied the numerous cnlrra heretofor* re- "J
I, are now prrpsrrd Irom the rileustrr arr^ac'tnr sts
suufacttarar* of these Loeks to drliyer at tne -hortest
The design of the sssorMtinn is to furnish them te y
T'.ai.k in the Vnited SMates, and the security thev hare J*
r .ce turnished to sueh bank* as hare \yrlied tiien
II b' ing rohhed, hariag often been tested l y tn.iglsrs. is
eni I roof that do bank can be censidrrad a laf? dere?tt* 91
IhuiI these locks on their vaults or safes All Other 41
r .ii ami hoe heeti opened, while these bi ' ilriieuee to aD
ss m. the rowihiDBtino ol rhaogra i? fan under*'. r*?T "
om t.uM to i.ooo.t>00. at the will of the owner, fumshr*
ti not foan.t in any oilier mode of fastening Locks f. r 2
?,d shore doors rroia l?? to 4.<*4 change* I
r sirs to the superiority of this look o?ey aar other, re
'? is made io uiy of tne banks ia Wall street. New Vore Jy
noes and "(IWees of bnnks are ie?y set -d to stssnae (he J1
*.'lid ordere willbe rreoiTsd at t>w sff.eoof
WtltHwlBlTH A SVt7"it, *
t Jens*' l?oe. agent* (>r (h* dtp. JJ
I VAJs.-W ?.i s J".rvli?.ft niKuiurrt' ry, oxnpntiiig *?* v
|- ' icv'v'npsj Iblayl !> ;nat re-oiecd-jxl fuf M
BHWARD COLLI."** h ? 0. M bcuth st ts
mil- indiaimitiniu?etprcially ofmarned frtniile*?which. in ?
'OA. lid to tIvc dirci>v*ry ol h?r celebrated "Prer?nti?e Pow *
n? " Their itoylm I ? beeu the mrui ofj*recr?iDg not ?
lit the health, hut errn the life of many tn affi ctinnate wife *
id fnnd motlier w
Thr idtertiaer f-elins the ironortanee of this euhiect, and J
itiinatmir the taet tienedu reaaltihy to thntuanda hy ih"tt 5
IniilKia, would in net rropeet/ully trouae the attention of tne i
.irrieit, by all that ti.ey hold hear ami dear, t 'leouaNtem- I
tel. 1* it not awe ant tiMimmm topeerwitu it Ho which we J
* enijeU, by etmple and healthy meant within ear eoetrol *
rrry di?p-aiianete, rirtnoui, aod enlighten-d mind will im
eeitatinsly ana we r in the .Amative. Thia la all that Ma
me I! e it ell reeomini w?l? or ever reeomm ended. Price h t
iha i i [net ate, accompanied with full nad particular dtrrr
one They enn he ha warded by mail to any part ef the Vim
id MiV< AJi letltra mint he rant |?id, and adunaae tu \
IA 1)A hi If RI?*ITP.Ll,, Kjmfc. Pl.Tateian. pni*wnil
IS I>e? riwioo drool, Hew v.ak. I Mice hr-nre (roia S A K
ilo'chf. M EfWtnWolhoe ftg. 7 (t. ilTI'-ditw' g
^ OTICF. i* hereby girrn, that fthr follow rrj; Stock Certi'
f.ctft liHie been ?toh n iu Grr.n r\, it i. by
?r?oo? on tli* e\e of eir i/rating o the United SLtri, where,
I ill probability. they will wtlnnpt 10 argotine the twine ?
.11 persou* <rr ctmlioutd not to yunhate the tame, iw u >-a
ire* hiee b- ru taken to ttnp pa> meht tl '.he cou[4inf, or fu'ittt
ai d priurip* I when due, vi 1 ; ?
Ilutteldorl mill KI tier [eld Kailroad Bond*, with tonpou* tj
44 M Bond* ol 104) rii dollar* each. No. 0131 to Si40, No.
12 to 181; Nil. tOit to 40"3; No 6081 to 8090
Ant-iili t per cent flood* with Hup* it Co. of AmeleHum. '
1? luio nine bou'l* of SOUin'-U* ea?h No. 5Sa? to No. 53s?,
ulioiit coupon*. I
II me veriaii 5 I *r tent Bond* of 1830. with coupon* to I84?.
lo. Soto Si, three bond* ol 1000 ri? dollar* each; No. IW, /
10 131 A, no. 26| B, three bondt of 500 ri*doll hi* eurli.
Iloiide of I'mttitn Loan 01 |e30, at t per cent in K.ugland,
till rrupotie; 13 bond* of ?110 earh. No. 1-.06, 1213. til6,
174, t?T7,|iM5. MU69. 18,814 to 15,348.
Should any of wi* above hoi.da be offered for *ale, pertont 8
i whom they may be offend are n,netted lo ati p the tame
mi sire notice to O Irichs St Kru^er, 42 Broad street who
ill aire the nrttMary curity, and pay all reasonable ei- f
net*, oil rtcorery ol the whole, or way part liieieol.
1.22 till*
MARTIN VAN BUREN. i
)v LATE yew* it wan generally reomrkH that Martin Vsui ^
Btif< 11 wasalways placid, gentle. and good uaturei. Tumph
never eict'.cd, or defeat dr(irei?rd riu?. tot he aiways
:c aed perfectly at his ea-e;aud wheu the
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
cut against him. he took it a* calm a* a piunmr morning In
tort nothing could ruffle hiin. Now, gentle reader, the r'a
ti <?f t! m v,,1(i itmt ht was a constant patron of PETEK'3
ILLS,which have such a mamlinun effect in hanoouioiDg
ie *y* tem, that no m.?u who take* thein auu hare bat! hloori, or 5
iullueurtd by anger, passion, sorrow, detp-ur. and a h<*?f ol
thrrcw * thrt tDsh (unprotected by IVt^r'n Pins) is h*ir to.
w.eeed, if administered u * fflcient dn*es, it is estimated that
ley w juIJ make a tiger at the same time simug as a lion and
rutle as a lamb. We are le ' to tlo se remark* by the opening of
CONGRESS,
ader the hope that it may induce the warm blooded members J
? bctsake themvelve* to these i ills, which will cn ?ble them to
j through their labors in a calm pa*n> nless niouner, and Urn*
event anv rcjx'tition of those bo* iu4 of rowjyism which
tve ho oflrn disgraced Ihr u <tion*l Hf<iuu)y. iVttr u r&lii
re h1?u wonderfully etfiracioufl iu the prevention of
INBAMTY.
id altog< th*r the b? st thi; g we know for the making of tonnd
aid gie-?t phikuopheia.
Pet?t"i Pill* may be obUii ed at hi* officer 459 Broadway,
[truer of (jrand,and at >o. 90 Noith HmU 1'hiUd 1
(sit. dll lm*
\it;??11 if'aki)so>y'snekrv wink, ditters'
Uirha dsnVa IliU'ri, advertised iu another column, are
ighly epnkriiof in thu vici;.ity by gemh n rn who aie nut ill
le ha'-it of drinking hitlers. (my more than the good gill was
f going to meeting ) for the pleasure of it. We hare no
vsre for these things ourselves, being quite bitter rneugh al?aily,
without the aid of rue, wormwood or quusia Neverac'is#
if afflicted with the prevalent diseases enumerated in
tie tdvi rtisemenl and ob igod to become either a " pill swali\ver,"cr
ahihbler.we ell >uld be inclined to cell at Grant's,
n I ii.quue 'he w ay to " health and stieugth" of Doctor ltichrdaon
?Exeter (N. H ) Ntws Letter.
r nr.hhv wink Betters.?These are a remedy eery highly
nil eery justly recommended by physicians. as of great eflicjy
in giving , trrugth to tne weak and debilitated. The w ot
ears h is satiafae'.orilv jaoved tbrir virtues. Unlincti'.ed by
in eligliti s di leteri 'US ui:*ier. tliey coiniiiinncMti'tlie healing t
<>\vi r of tile beet medicinal mole and plants They reitore,
nd, if not laid an do, preserve ihe whole animal economy iu a
late of habitual healt liiuese They cannot be too frequently
onnnended to public notice hy j ?t encomiums from the press
it U kl). Hands, 79 and 100 Kultoa street, Agents
OQh- Iu speaking of the excellence of the Bherry Wiue Bit
ih.oI which Vjen*s. A B Sv I). Hands are aginla. ?imeant
hose pri piled by Dr. H. O. Richardson, of Bnuih Hading,
lass.?Eve "agnil, \. Y.
Sold at wbo'. -eale and retail, by A. B & D. Sands, Drugists,
"9 and 100 Fulton st.; David SenJs Si Co 77 East Broad 5
fay. Ahm. It Bands k Co '173 Broadwojr ; CodJiugton 9/7
Iudmin atrcel; Mure, 591 Grand, corner ol Cannon st. ; King,
It Broway _ rilb lm'
NRr.ED, iriiiuiin-rible are the sullf-rtin wlio fnoiisbiy ar
deceived when applying to quacks and pve'endert of modiil
know'edge.and are thus bainboexled of t fir mouey and the
reeious lime, which might have suffered to alleviate theirrx
ruciating disorder hy the skilful treatment of a scientific
rtteiitinner, might be happy enough to consult Dr. OLIVE,
f 192 West Uroadwa; , near Canal street, wrere they will ob
tin the must confident assurance of a speedy aud permanent (
ilief, without the p--nicinus and incomtnodiDg use of mercury,
alsam eopavi, spirits nitre, cubebs. (kc ; reference will also 6e
S5 A 1.?CO A L?C O A L ? 1'he tiest Peach O chard, afloat,
J onboard schoo'er Charlotte, of Cape May, at Kon'i i
I'll, east river. Broken and Kgg foal f7 go. Lump T'oal
6.so Tu besold without reserve, wtighid by a city weigher,
jl Of
1 BEltNETHY'S BOTANICAL BILLS.?Let the uulor
? tuuale rest assured, tloit there is no cxiq;grration in assertc
these pills to he a speedy and radical cure lor ftoconhcta.
Icels, Irritation of Htc. They were for sevrraJ
sari, prescribed by the celebrated AberneOiy.in all stages ofle
apove diseases la the first stages one box is asn-lly suf icnt
toeffect a cure in a few days, lu long protracted chro- ]
c stages, obstinate gleets, die , itiry are equally certain hnv{
V cured hundreds who had beeu taking other medicines for
onthe, which teuded more to destroy tlie constitution than
i cure the disease. They never have the parts sal jest to the
oublesome weakness which mi frequently occur' after takg
other mediriaes. They hive no unpleasant taste or smell;
iv one taking Ihein might frtquent the most refuted society
lthoat having their misfortunes suspce'.ed. They ari comwed
entirely ot vegetable ingredients, whieh inrigorate the
stem generally. For sale only in New York, by Win. Watn,
Aiatihcearies' Hall, 96 Caincrioc str*et, anil in Brooklyn
BlsgTOvr. druggist. Fulton stri oL _ _ d8 lm'
JD 0 C TO R BELL.
\QCTOR BELL devotes liis perooual attention(dnily until
' ? P. M.) to the removal of private diseases in every crags
llanffsring uuderprotracledcasea,ag|rr.'.vatedor iinrarnsnoful I
treated by inexperienced orprr/r^orei practitioners ; thons ll
ring under the destraetive effects of mercury or quack aoo
nns.aadall who suspect the remains of disease larking in ti s
stem, may consult Dr. B. always with a guarantee of euro.?
J- Persons contemplating marriage, who have been tbs sub- '
its of delicate diseases, may consult Sr. Bell with honorabls
nfideuee. Poev rsiu letters, describing the ease of persons it
listance, have bis prompt attention. Dr.B.'s treatment navst
pnsesto sunyeciop and is wsil known to be safe and pesnsa
09- Private offices 4 COURTLANDT STREET, two
orsfroin Broadwav. dt lm"
'TIE FUTVATE TREATISE.?Tins it a little volume on
certain diseaeee in which the best and most Movement
ans of cure are stated in the plainest possible manner. It
10 shows the reason why these maladies so frequently cots
me on from month to month.uucured. and terminate at length
other and permanent complaints, luderd.no one can read
Is little book without seeing at once their tme and real nare.
and alio the risk and danger of trusting them to ignorant ?
d boasting people.
With a view, however, to obtain a rational degree of sorfi
nee in what he has advanced on the curt of those diseases, the
thor thinks it proper here to gin a simple statement of the
vans anil opportunities he him sail has had of lormiug just and
?r opinions on this subject. He therefore beys to slate, that
sides his rank as graduate of Edinburgh, and member of the d
union College, Ac. be h?s been watching these diseases, both
Hospital and city practice It r more thasi thirty yean, and
s published two editions of a work repress IV on them. Also,
at he has letters o( commendation from the most eminent
ysu i.ins in Europe to the mos' eminent in America, as Sir
tier <"oo|per to Dr. Mott of New York and Dr. Physick.nf
itlaaelphia, and others, and which may be seen by any one.
ad lurliver, that he has tlie privilege of referring to almost
cry phi sh-ian of eminence in this city. Ttmse are circum
luces which afford Die highest satisfaction to every one, racially
to those who are anxious to obtain the best advice.?
he price oi the book is R,
Ur Ralph is consulted at his residence,88 Uresowiehstreet,
sny hour, and has distinct and separate apartments lor those
ao nave to wait a little. Lonununicpltcus by post are faithI1y
replied to. dlt_8aa*
I.N 1'iiE CUKE Off 8TR1CTUKK?It is most tnfotw
' nate in this complaint that many pemons have a strisre
who are not in the least aware of it. The common notion
tint so long as the uriuc passes in toll rable stream, there
no.it he a stricture. But this is fer from true A stricture
i) and often dors, exist for months, and even years, without
oJ icing auy s'riking change In this rrsi>eet When a slric- ]
rv nrrivrfl at thu! oi* narrown/??? :? tisnaihlv h. imn?.U ?
eiiriar.it is a irn.rij m l-i l; indeed. The object oftfw?e
marks b wrvrr. ic to prevent this state, and to attack it at a
nr when .-: iseasily and perfectty removed. Hut there a<e
her circumstances besides it effect upon tlie unne by which
itrioture may be known, or, at least. strongly suspected, aad
nuah theee ai e aieim-mus. there are-two which are very com- o
>n o.d very e.utily judged of, and three ihalJ be mentioned
re. .
The firs', oft hose circumstances relatee to time. It is well
iown that itrictnree arise Irum long continued and badly A
acted (iouorrlicls Now, wheumrr thu disease eotitinnee
cr man) wteks. especially if in the early period any of the A
aslrd nostrums of the day were taken, there is jeut and pror
liouiuI to suspect a etrieture.
The nut n moat remarkable?* is the effect a stricture has
on the mind and epi'its. This is a fact that may he I ho
ighlv re Ik it ou. Indeed the author never saw a ease cl elric 1
re, (and he sees inany every day,) in winch the paueot did F
t, more or less, complain of his lose of mental *nrrgy?'hst
was not so capable of husinrss as formerly The resuien rf
is, howrvtr, is clearly shown in his " frivate TreaSue.''a
lie volume u -ticrd in another column of this paper, and to
licit the reader is re IV rred, not only f.r knowledge of this /
mase. but on every other eonneclvd with this subject. a
UK. RALPH fuither begs to add. that he may he ecntulted m
rvonally a' lus residence, No S8 Oieenwicli street, at any ll
ur ; and should any be in doubt as to the evuUnce of ttus w
tease, especially aider perusing his Utile volusne, he wall, If
thoul aspsuse or the h ost pun. evplaiu and assure lura WW- h
er he have or not. Let it only be remembered that, if lie rt- 01
y has a stricture, not ail the medicine io the world, alone, n
ill ever cure it dn Wr*" tl
M> HKF-WEli1* A > B DlhTI Ll-KKf.?The sub^cribeTi l(
offer for a-.le all th it valu ilde property. st'uat. d in Auburn, m
1 kn-'wuas Watson and Hon's Brewery and Distillery.with H
Dwelling H use, outbuildings, in ichiuery and fiitnn a conet-sl
th rewith. Said property e insists of about tw-o Keren "
laud, lying oa the south side of lbs Oaranco rivw in said "
llaee; a buck dwelling house, a dwelling house, a distillery r*
|>auleof distilling I tl hushels ot grain per day, a large and 01
uvenirn' brewery and inalt house, with two kilns 21 feet J:
lure, and ample storage for IP.COO biuhels of grain, a barn, "
eds, stable, pens (or fibb begs, and an < lTi,e situated thereon. *'
(' onueeted with the ilsstillrry slid br* wry there is a steam
gine i f 20 horsi rower with two eyllnJe is?amide miehoiery I p,
r grinding, and a superior rectifying establishment, c< utatic- J
g Hi < of John Wright's patent alcohol crp.ratills.
The whole est tbliehmeat is of * superior kind, well finished
id < uveiiient in ail its arrangements, situated in a rich and
utrichir.g gr in grow nig country, is now in Com, Icte order, I
d II full operatic o. 1
It haviug become necessary to seH the same in ?onses]ueure It
the defease ot II. Watson i: will be dial r d ot at a bur- t)
in One third of the purchase inn tie y will be rrnuired on
e delivery of the deed. ? 'd the balance may be left ou houd b
d no-rlg ige for a term ?rt years it desir d. la
For reference inquire al Wir. I.eiteS's, 7* Hudson street, h
ew York,or of thr subscribers in Av.oiun, N. Y. !?
tvF.OtttJK f I.F.ITrH,
jllli' R. It X*. WATSON. ?
II.VF.R fhATK.-WM. THOMSON I2t William street,
1 continues to manularture filver W arr of en ry description,
the I atest inttems. and 1 as now on han tea arlts coffee I
ts. pi chers. cupa, waiters, forka, spoons, of itch as well as J
the plainest sty les. The whole of these artie vs. being man- i
acteted upon the preiniees, fvom steiling eiver. no pain* of
petue will be stored in the beauty of the Workmanship.
ft 8m '
ro MARRIED LADIES.
\ ADAMK RESTELL'8 PIlb.VEN FIVE lOWDMIS
'1 I hrse invaluable I'owJers have b?e? universally aJopted
Europe, but France in particular, for upwards ot thirty t
ars, as well as by tin.us mde tu this eoimtr--, as bring ths
ily leibl, siTe and efficacious reme.ly for inclined ladteswhaiSe
a 1 th forhtd? a too r a, id lurreate offainily. .
Madame Ileal II. aa is well ktinwi , was for thirtby years I
rmale lh)sinioiti the two pciiieiphi Female Honpttsls id ?
.rope?those of Vienna and Tins?where h *eied by hev "
eat eipc rtdtice and opportunities, she attained that eele ,l
-ity in those gwrat dnrovrrnv in medical science so ape
ally ad it ted to the fema e frame for which hOT medicines
iw stud unrivalied. as well m this country-as in Europs. Hev ?
quaintanv Willi 11,? physiology and anatomy ot the fuialt 1
one. enabled tier?by tracing the decline and iH health ot
arriecl lialles,SSUfCS u. (ht it ridian .d lifa, aad the ronse o
jeat rspd and often atparrntly inevplieable causes which *>
lunrn m -n> a f.md mother to a premature grave?to their *
vie some?to arrive at a kcowl dee of -he nrimarv sauaea n( M
CUSTOM HO
rllE follow ing Packages having remained in the Puhl
on FRIDAY, the *8th of January, 1M?, by L F. 116
I ustum House, Slat Deecantier, 1841.
Murk* md Ntuuktrt.
183(1
kjiril 18 B A or B A y mir one
1838
let. 97 William Thomson ouo 1
1*39
Ipril 30 Joseph Barker one
uno 19 Y in a diamond 1st five <
" 19 SSI-U. ID two i
" 19 * 117 one i
lept. 98 W F 8 one <
' 99 P F 18 one 1
" 98 " 18 one t
)Ct. 11 F46, two <
14 11 " 1 ; ono I
lee. 31 A VIooro for M Niohols one ;
1S?? '
Ipril 13 HCK one]
' 13 Miss Anna G Oilbort two
* 14 Mrs Ballast 1 one t
" 29 Sir John vuughan, c?ro of TUoa D Ryan one i
" 93 J K one I
" 98 No mark one
" 30 HH New York onei
" 30 Mr W A Iiallock one ]
day 2 F B in a triangle Y under one I
' o p with E under . one I
? 6 P wuh C under X over one j
" 8 John Bide or Roche Brothers olio I
" 18 No mark one}
" is Samuel Thorn]son ones
[uue 1 T D Parker one I
" i X ill a diamond 483 one <
" 3 Sot Dr Pablo Duany, Repetad one 1
" 9 Mrs Mullen, Broadway ene t
" 11 I PC 1 a IS eighl
" 12 FHN1.2 two<
" 12 Abijah Kay, Esq care of Olypliant 8r Co. one c
" 16 K in a diamond 16 a 18 lour
" 16 John ouo I
36 H H connected 10 one?
" 36 C I a* threi
" 39 Villus e?gh
Inly 9 C T uritlf A under 6 one I
" 33 lie? W A Hillock one [
" 33 Mi*? Harriet William* one I
" 23 " " onel
" 29 Mm* Lydia Peanlco, care Hickock h
Pomeroy onel
" 23 John Miller, Broad atreet onel
" 34 Thome* Harr, care Hobt Mumby one 1
" 39 M in u triangle 1,3 two
" 30 Sor Dr Jo?? Valiant, care John WalUl. one)
" 30 SpotforJ k Til a b ton onel
" 30 Leg Cabin tens
lug. 7 No mark onel
? 7 ? two
" 10 B one
" 10 P V 4i W in a block one |
" 19 No mark ene
" 20 Rev Mr Hillock one (
" 31 No mark nine
" 37 Dr Martin onel
" 29 Mark defaced onoi
>ppt. 3 W 11 in a diamond twel
" 7 BARL connected liSO onel
10 F with E C over and C under 1 onel
" 10 Jofeph K Jobr.ion one 1
" 12 No mark onel
" 14 J C P with N Y uuder onat
" 19 No mark fiftyato
" 19 Red Wax eigh
" 19 " onel
!)Ct. 2 HR 82 , 84. 08 thre<
" 6 J K with EC connected under 1 one I
" 6 B 101 one i
" 7 8 W Benedict onel
14 9 TY connected D 196 a 144 one
" 13 Danl Uuim,care Rev A Maclay one i
" 13 HM connected and P3 onel
* 16 JTii. 6 two
- 4u p a Drown, biq one I
44 34 No maik (containing a Harp) onet
' 28 I F 344 ouet
' M B one (
" 31 David Sterling, eare W Smith one!
f?T. t Messrs Taaoock k Fowler one]
44 a Mr Garret. one!
" 10 AB1 , One I
u 11 Lindley Murrey Moore one 1
" 11 MathiasBrueo one]
41 18 P G 30 one <
" 14 Rev Thomas McCrie one;
* 14 L 0 with C under twet
" 14 C in a diamond M out.ide twes
" 18 Mrs Woulfe, (Charleston) one
* 18 G D one
u 34 ND1 one i
' 38 Dr J C Johnson one.
44 37 William Fleming one)
" 37 G Blatek, St JoLnS, NB one t
lee. 9 WDJ one I
" P N T 1 v one
" 90 J A Aokley, 1*0 Nassau street one j
1841.
an. 6 Mine diamond E outside 34 one ?
" 10 Mr Jnggar one t
" 16 T F 70 one e
14 16 FAAIeO.. si* li
44 18 F F 83 one c
44 18 Jonathan Amory ones
4 10 JAB one c
44 19 W fcC 1,3, 6 three
" 30 Anchor M k S 160,161 two <
44 0r2 R1 one 1
" 36 Walter Beehauan, Oneida Co. NY.... one I
" 36 No mark ouet
44 37 Big Do Begnis one I
far. 3 CM one!
" 30 F S H 1 one ?
44 30 " 3a Ihret
* 34 Joseph Yeni two
44 37 A E Wright, Fulton at. NY ones
" 30 Mi-Mrs Brown twet
ipril 3 N 48 one b
44 8 8 over M diemced 9,9 ones
* 10 W S with P under one I
" 16 John Livingston one!
" 16 K in a diamond one c
** 18 U SrCo in a tninglf447. 446. 4i| a 46S. . Its 4
" 38 W K P ie a block 449.460 two <
44 30 Edw Long, Washington, NC tie bi
" 30 Tayloi & Merrill one k
" 33 A C 1, 3 two l
44 34 L one fc
" 37 No mark four!
44 38 Thomas Chamberlain ones
" 39 Thoa I.nrne for Thos White one c
14 3d Mrs L H Thorn hill one e
44 38 James Hudson one t
THF FOLLOWING PACKAGES WILL BE 801
Daits. tlwkt and Ifumhtri.
1839.
?}>i. is if in tt atamonu, at n ?a three
? 18 " ? IS two a
" >26 Blank diamond ntrelt-a on the cornurs.. fim <
" 28 PK 11 oust
" 38 " . ono b
ct. 3 FP with L under one b
" 8 No mark ona ?
1840.
pril 31 RC 1 one ?
" 36 LHB 16 one c
tig. '26 W W Andrew* 11.... one t
" 36 " " 18 ane 0
" 36 SI 7 one a
" 26 SM 8 ona?
1841.
tb. 30 Bltl' 816 one c
-1 24 tOli _
MEDICAL All).
VMONG the *iiny mighte imprOTeinenta of ihe age there
are none of mare importance to mauaind, and perhaps
ine so little appreciated, as improvement* anil inrrntiona in
ic practice of medicine, yet we aieconatr<iiieil to admit, that
e n itr Deeer met v ith tnnre eonvi cl .g proof* of approval
nn is exhibited by Dr tiregory.of No. 34 Vlott stteet He
aa r cetitly made some valuable discoveries in the treatment
f iliaeaae which ia not rule being appreciated, hut he ia winiregolden
opinion* fronini* patirnta. It ia argued In aume
at all dteeoeeriea in the healing art ahould be made known
t the public fur the benefit nl mankind; but we would a*k
'hy ahould a pby ician more tnan any one rise, bestow the
milt of his labor* upon ? community or a public, from whom
e hi a nerer recr ivi it a corresponding benefit; ueeertlo Ipsa,
r are informed the Deetaf h*a puMisbel a iitlte bO*k ile.
iiiiauhis improerd mode of practise, and placed it within the
ach of all who eboosc to *?k for i'?tbc priea isstic-uts. It
lay hi- had of the Doctor, at hia priratc ri sidenee, (not a drug
ore) 34 Mott street, at all hour* of day or night, and alas at
le following drngatorea Sand*' two atoiea in Kill ton street
id corner Broadway and Chambers street; also in the Bow y
at Nn. S3, romer of Walker street, and 198 c roer of
prang street; MS Delancey c rner Suffolk at; and 131 ChaI
ppsaite Orange street A p aly id remittance of one
8l*r will obtain the book in pamphlet form, sent free of
esi.iy r, to any |iatt of the United Stairs. Addr- a? Dr.tJreiry,
34 Mott at. ilyflltn"
} OARD1 NO HOV*"..? I piA8A DK HIK.Si'KDhS
J Mrs WKST.No Sa Calle ?Mra WKSI\ No. 68
iquindor, a few doora below | I alia del Ynquisiiior, cerca da
te Market. j 11plaza Vn ja.
Passenger* w ill be assisted Los Ore*. Taeageri a aeran
y the Cl'rk of the House in I aaaiatiiloa. per cl dependiente
induig and einoarkiag attend- I d>| eaiihlei rniento a au llegaig
to their luggage, permit*, di enrargandose ile lo# eqtupaaaaports.
See | jea. Itceuris* de dcatmbirqua,
English and Spanuhseieant* I pnsaporea, 6tc.
taployeil in the home. I Los criatlo* hablan el EepaHavana,
Ort. 1.19 39. | uol e Yrglta.
oS? end* tm I Hab.na, t Oetutw i?3?.
rEM AL E MONTHLY PILLS.
JK+'.PAHK.D BY MADAME COSTELLO, No.64 L*is ienard
street.
Theae Pill* are acknowledged by the fist physician* in U>e
lotted States aa the very beat inedicsne that latiea laboring
oder a suppression of their natural illness can take, and they
sry aetdom fail to retiree wlien taken according to ihe dtrecooa.
Thoae who call for them wtil he supplied with her cirtlar,
ronlainiog Rt?|Je direction*, and all Us precauerona ne
asary to be obaertcd in their use. Adetce gratia. Office 64
Hpenaro street. oi Im*
J. PROVOST, M. D.!!
)EMAINB *1 hi* old olfi-e, No. iI Broad ?tiret. corner ol
V Stoae. Hi* ii^wm ill the treatment of bolk the primary
>d aecoadary form* of rraereal dif ?*e?, ha* been long ?iL*e
itakliahed He ehallragr* any rhraiciau in Agnerie* upon
ie treatment of th?ae malndir*. HieoAce i* >1 Broad ureet.
t home all day and until S o'clock erery nitbt.
d> m' 1 PROTfOlT.M.P.
A oRBr Ntifn^oQTTfcNTlA sVCTft REMr.Dls.RT
n CliRANTOR.-Dr. C UEYMANA Phy?iei?n 8?pf.on,
ike* leave to inform th? rublir of New Vurk tad it* vicinity,
id that he ha* taken an oArr, at SI Boom , up flair*. From
lone and nperienced practice in the Went Indie*. South
inieric a and Hoaton. he will warrant a perfect aafe and ereey
ruie. to all tha*e afflict d with certain di?*<?t* ; alM> lcuorheanr
white*, and *rmi|*l weakne**. chronic rhruanati***.
iiorder of the *kin, irapurtlic* of the blood, without any meruri*l
treutmrat. The Or. al*o attead* to fracture*, nil kind*
f ferer aad di*eaa>a artWtir* the Inn* *o > *t?tn Tlie Pr
rill aire *on*taat adrie. from ***ht o'rlock, A. M. till nine. P.
I. '*4 So*
jtruit, i.oRuTaLr, A*.?cop tan a PTLLItiuyt
*l Wilhaan atreet, hare rtceired per Ute arrival*, and of
!r for ?ale?
Anaortrd Frail, J
ApHaat*. > Preaerred ia the jtiicc, withoat ?ngtr ar
MtrnhellaaJ J 'waady. in boie* of IS hottle*.
ciiern?a in bw?. Cameo*. Maraaf uino. Antaetu, Daav
Me Bnady, Kirarhe.aad aaaorted l.ai ior*
AWo. Faaar ' hiua. -aiteb'e tor holiday pr *?at*. Clock*.
ra?e* wtd Jewairy, Preach lHt*r ar une Papar. pWn aad
OfOred.
Cif.itaHlr on Wind, abac* a?or I meat of plain whit# aad
*>. p.acoknic.
USE NOTICE.
lie St ire upward* of H*ne Months will be sold at Aaottoa,
'KKUA.t k HO., Auctioneer.
EBWARD CURTIS, Collector
Packafet f'*t>rU. IVkeit t'yom.
paakage, Ship Tuscany, Haaaburgfc ?
?*, ? Orpheus, Liverpool '
box, " Bsukari, ?
tasks, " Moutpelier, Newcastle
ea*k?, " " "
Ifcie, an .?
task, " Empire, Liverpool
?hd, "
nirel. " " *
>Mkl. MM >4
Iff, "
parcel, " South America, u
klnl, Brig Isabella, 8t Croia
buadlea, u *
>arrel, " Long Island, "
jurkuge, " Anc-lique, Am-terd*?
ilid, Barque kliiplirosine, Bordeaux
sack, Ship Congress, Valparaiso
package. Barque Atlantic, Bremen
package, " " "
nix, u Blackness, Dundoo
>ale, Stem'r Croat Western, Bristol
iMiagi, " ? * i
runk, Rhip Rochester, Liverpool fl
isrcel, Htpm'r Bi itish Queen, Ixmdou H
.liest, Shin United Btaiaa. Ucasaaal
">* Barque Bevis, KioJaueiw
Ship Iowa, Havre ^
^?*i Brig Maria, St Jago d? Cute
^*> Ship Patrick Henry, Liverpool
teen coika, " Henry Allen, I.endon
tasks, " Tazoo, Liverpool
'ase< , M Lehigh, Canton
barrels, Brig Emmoline, Tcxu
)<,x> Ship Retailing, Greenock
!a,e> " Howard, Hamburgh
s cmm, " Franklin, Rotterdam
t boxes, ? Hellespont, Havana
aasket, ? Preaiu-nt, London
aicel. * Prank, oit, Liverpool
runk, Brig Gen Marion, Kingston
x>x, " ? 11
x>xi " Gaaper Hauaer, Malanaai
SOX, * " a
box, " Jane Harldow, Greenock
tasks. Ship Toronto, London
box, " tristoval Colon, Havana
box, a a tt
mall boxes, " " ?
box, Schooner Comet, Key Weat
cheats, " ?? "
quarter box, Barque Rapid, Havana
package, Brig Armu.lilla, Antwerp
basket, Ship Siddous, Liverpool
:ase, " Utica, Havre
asks, Brig Helme, tgypt
box, Ship Silvio de Grasse, "
taae, " Great Britaiei, Dundee
ve kegs, BarqueCragevand, Rotterdam
box, Brig Hope, London
box, Ship Mediator, Nassau, NF I
box. Schooner Ermine, Havana A
ball box, Ship Norma, London
rase, " Wellington,
eight grind- Newcastle
met, Btig Rrsaliad, Hamburgh ^
teen barrels, " Hortense, " U
aolf barrel, " " Havre
; bags, Ship Bnrgundy, Morstxllaa
:ase, Basque L?' Grange, London
case, Ship Philadelphia, M
box, " " Havre
kee. u Dur.h. IVOrlpans Oreenocb
cask, " New York, Hamburgh
jox, Barque I'rtoli, Curaooa
eases, Brig Tain O'Shanter, Havre
trunk, Steamer Pieai lent, Liverpool
:a?e, Ship North America, '
saae, " Ville dc I.yon, Havre
tase; " . " w
box, " Cassander, Glasgow
keg, " Ontaiis, Londun
keg, " K
jase, " Baltimore, Hone
iox, " Westminster, London
rarcol, * Toronto, "
:ase, " Howard, Hamburgh
parcel, M Sheffield, Liverpool
ity boxes, Barque Nm anno, Bordeaux
sty boxes, u " "
case, Ship Baltimore, Havre
box, Brig Krankliu, Rotterdam
;ase, Ship Illinois, Havre
rase, Stem'r Oritish Queen, I.ondou
tox, " Greet Western, Bristol
>ase, ? ? ?
.ruuk. Barque Ann Louisa, Vera One
box, Brig Firm, 1110 Janeiro
lockage, ShipOrry Tall, Leghorn
ose, " Stephen Whitney, Liverpool
iox, " Robeit Fulton, "
iase, Barque Diana, Bremen
aif pipes, ShipSrlvie de Grafse, Havre
ias?, " " *
ase, " Niantic, Canton
aae, * " *
cases, " Wellington, London
sases, Barque Charlotte, Bremen '
racket, Brig Louisa, Maraeilleo
iarrel Barqua Tiberius, Glasgow
?arref, '' " "
>ox, ?
>OX, i, , -?<?
tase, ' ?
j bundle*, ?,
trunk*,
i**e, - v Load.
>** *,
ale
iaak, , _v?
ivndle tree*, Snip Siddon*, Liverpool
ox, ** Cambridge, ?
ask, " WcaHuihater, London
ia*ti, " Cambridge, Liverpool
aake, M " "
arrets, " u "
Leg, " " "
laaes, " Whi'more, Bordeaux
iarrei, " StJamca, Landou
rutfgon wheel* Brig Pandora, I.aguira
nse, Stm'r Great Western, Bristol
ate, " " "
a*c, u H "
<OX, a a a
LD FOR STORAGE UNLESS TAKEN OHT
Patkagt*. ft**fit. Ifkrrr Am,
asks. Ship Georgian*!, Liverpool
tales. * Nicholas Diddle, "
rases, " Whig, Rotterdam
iarrei, u Empire, Liverpool
arrel, " " ? ,
iarrei, " " "
.ask, - "
iaae, " Poland, Havre
irate, " South America, Liverpool
runk, BrigHeJme, Kgjpt
a?e, * " "
aae, " "
:ase, " " "
as?, Ship Villa >'e Lyon, Havre
DISEASE OF THE EYE.
rpHIS msyerrtifyth.it I hart wit.eseed cure" performed oa
1 thr bhnd, somcof I uy atcodiny by Dr. J. FRANCIS, N?.
10 Barclay atreet, New York, and believe hie preparation far
Disease of the Eye ia one f ire an steal hleaaings that tai be
offered to the afflicted, rid h ive much pleasure iu rtooromeud
ine him as a ante and skilful > iruliat.
JOSEPH ANDKUE, Roman Catholic Prieat,
dltlmdhwy m M Pen r'a < liurrh. Barclay at.
W F aFeE MAN0 K A CTXi REK V?Thtiabaertbaramv
I notice that Movant Howe Ik lioddaed.of Worcester, Mast,
tive appointed tin m the ir agents,.mil are prepared to funnah el
.<pTt notice, utKiu the moat n aaouakle terms. Kourdriusar in
'.lyiender Machines, with fire or steam dryera,and ainug reiehines
to sire paper in the web as it leaves tha dryer*. Ataa,
every kind ?f Machinery appertaining to the m:\nulaclura of pa*
par, which in |Hjint of worlitnaivdiip and finish ia nat surpassed
bv any other establishment ui tins eoiintvv. A laiw number an
alow in operation in mauy af the beat uilla.to whom raftrscao
will bo givan %^8^BKOOKS.PaparWarahonaa.
dNdAw *1 Libert yatraa*
PORTUGUESE ,
FEMALE PILLS.
it?*mjrr?:P ato rariumct) bv
M. l)E BftUOELOQL'K, M. D, I.ISBttN, PORTUOAle.
rjMiE acientific eentbio?H * of ingredient* of which thee*
1 pille are comp<i#e.t ' ' ?m the wnmUr and admi
ration of the world i . ???oii all o??r Euaope to b?
the ouly preparation erei ot. red that I mm prored invariably
cerium in producing Ihr monthly tuns. Their certainty,
in all eaeee. being aurh that lne> mual not be uaed danng prey
nancy,for though mild aa'e.aiui healthy, they arc certain M M
produce miican i*ge il uaed during that period.
The direction* are translated into Kngiiah and are enveloped
rnuud with the aeal of the importer, (tam|>ed. Each hot con- J
taiug the rignatu.-e of \|. dc Rnudehnpi' and the Kiuliiha
rrctioi.i hive the sign itnr* <1 Dr . KVEL VEAU, autbonaad wH
agent for the continent ol'America. J
They can he transmitted hy mail to any'part of the United dfl
State* l.etftem directed to Or F Meleeao, hoi at. N. Y, W i
will meet with immediate at'cnlaon. Hold by aup- iatmaut M
28t (iraod (treat, enrnee of Alien. Price ft- half boiee. 91.
No half boiei cent by mail
i|Hlmdltw? _ ^
NOTICE.?ALKO.NH B*** H", of Pforilirim, (Oern?.iy,l
if residing iu, or neir 'hi? city rupiest'd to call a' the
office of the enheenbert, where lie wil nreiee some eery hi
terretiagnewa. J K V H. MAHl.F.R,
nflS eod iw* Rg Bearer at. New York.
MACHINE BLANKETS ASb i.\PiTNns fc*aaiahy
oW PERSSh X HRlKlKR.H Liberty et.
PUBI IBHED DAILY BT
IAI1I GORDON BKHIf*.
No 91 ANN STREET.
TERMS OR ADVF.RTIs|Na.?The axtenuv* CbenJ
.atro.i of the Hiaai i>. 'toth <n town and country ,maka*
t r. -t>p?k>r channel for advrrtierrv.
re* TwrLvn ii"*< " ,
I <:<ty,|0 #0 I 4 dny? f 1 95 I 7 dry 1.91 m I lCday?,99 U
t J 0 75 "1 " ?0? 1' ?T 9>
lu 1 00 I ? H 1 7ft I " 9 It | II " Its
yen iiaht hi*i on nil:
t week!, fi Nt | 3 wenthi, M '?
I month - ? 30 I 6 month* 16 Uft
All adr"erti*cTneni to be paid (or before tli air in
or eon
A.lT?rtlBwneeit? ineortnd in the WrxaLT Himlb at 91
?*r rquare every inaertinr.
Monintrn HneiLn?heue.; erery momina?price hve
emit per copy. ConnIrv auburn,.on furoiibod at tho
tame rate, fcr any ejmeiflr peri?L on rem ttancn in
(Irene*. N* paper ent.nnl?-* nnid Inadvaftf.
Wntir Ewrau>?ieeuod erery Saturday tnormrg, Bt
nine o'clock?price rcjoerWi per copy fnrmehad to oonn
try mbecrtbar* at 93 par are am in advance.
Coi.??arrxwa.vT? are requeatnd t* addrea* their lattcrt 'f
It da war Ooaoow lnwwer-, Fr-opried-ir and fctttcr; aor, aQ
?ra*t cr. bxsineea ?a*t be pen p*M*
L