IT* TT "
| 1 11 .
V?i. Til.?Ha. Whole Mo. 1906
PUBLISHED DAILY BY
IUKI GORDON BERIETf,
No. tl ANN STREET.
ERMS 0? ADVERTISING.?The e*ten*ive circH
}Q of the Herald, both in town and country, maka*
-uperior channel (or advertiser*.
roa twelve like* oa liii :
IT, $0 SO I 4 day*, $1 4A I 7 day*, $1 97 I 10day*,M M
4 on t " i so ? " a oo u ' a r?
4 i oo | ? w i 7s | o M a la! it " s so
fob bhiht lire* or less t
reeks ta 60 I 3 month*, M CO
tonth 3 00 | 6 mouths, 16 CO
^ All advertisement* to be paid lor beXore their ia
UOn
I square every insertion.
lanwna Hk?ald?Issued every morning?price two
its per copy. Country subscribers furnished ut tbg
oe rate, lor any specific period, on remittance ic
ranee. No paper sent.unless paid in advance.
W??*i.v Rofald?Issued every Saturday moruinf, (4
ie o'clock?price nzcmti per copy furnished to cot>a|
subscribers at $3 per annum in advance.
loatBsroioeivTi are requestsd to address their letUrs
Iambs Goapow Bse.vaT-p?rroiv-ietor and Editpr. abJ al
lore on business must be post paidi
it ICASTt.KM DIVISION OK THE NEW YORK
AND ERIE KAILKOAD.
'R.^^^^^^Tfreal'ier run ohoa
according to the following arrangement, s'ouniiig at Mir r
mt, Blaui eltville. fascac, suffsrasr Kataapn Station. M.?r J
; Works, Turner's, Scamanville, Monroe Village and Ches
FROM NEW YORK.
B A passenger train every morning (eaceot Sunday) leaving
B loot of Albany street, at <q o'clock. A. M. iu the compuay S
B j-aoib.iat Ulira, Capt. A. H. Sehulti.
B A passenger train every Wednesday audS'turday afternoon, I
B 4 o'clock, from the foot of Albany street, in tho steamboat |
B tica.
B A freight triin every Monday, Tuesday, ThjUS lay and KriB
y afternoon, at 4 o'clock, from the foot of Clumbers street,
' the steamboat Union
FKO VI GOSHEN.
B A passenger train every morning. (except Sunday) at 8 o'clk.
B riving in New York, by ttie steamboat L'tira, at the root of
B Ibany street.
B A passenger train every Wednesday and Saturday afternoon,
I o'rclok. arriving in New York by the steamboat Utica.
B A freight train every Monday, TuesUa;, Thursday and KriB
?y. at 3 o'clock, arriving in New York b< the steamboat
^B oio/i. and bi'gesat the foot of Chambers street.
Freight will be received at the loot of Albuiy strret on
^B Wednesday aud Saturday, and at the foot of Charsbers street
n Monday, 1 uesday, Thursday and Friday, uutil 3 P. M I
B For freight or passage, inquire at th' Company s Transp w
B,itioo offie-, corner of Liberty and'West streets, and at the
^B.Arioua depots on the line ol the ruol.
B H. C. SEYMOUR,Supe'intendant
B Jrr 1m Eastern Division New York and Erie Kiilroai.
I NEW YORK AND NEWARK.
I BOB ESQ 388*33
B Fart rrtluretl to MS cents.
B from the foot of Courtlandt street. New York.
B (Everyday?Sundays excepted )
B Leave New York. Leave Newark.
At I A M. At*r.M. At 8 A.M. Atli P.M.
B 11 SO 4 do 9 do do
B 41 do 10i do ( do
B T do 19 do
ON SUNDAYS.
B from the foot of Liberty street.
?a V.m Vnrlr I.SStO \>W*pk.
At I A.M. and 4* J\M. At 1 P. M. and 18 P.M.
NKVYYORK. ELIZABETHTOWN, RAH WAY AND
NEW BRUNSWICK.
Fare reduced.
From the foot of Liberty atreet.daily.
Leave New York. Leave New BruMwick.
At ? A. M. At 7J A. M.
41P.M. t P.M.
SOMERVILLE itage* connect with theie liaeeeach way.
Fan between New York anil Somerville, 10 centa.
Do do New Brtmawick, 74 centa.
Rah war. 40 centa.
Elizabettitown, J5 ceata.
The fare in the 71 A. M. train from New Brum wick, tad 4|
P M train from New York, haj been reduced between
New York and New Bmaiwick to SO centa"
and Railway te 17 i "
The Philadelphia mail line paaee* through New Brunrwickfor
New 1 l every evening at 8 o'clock.
On Sunday* the 71 A. M. trip from New Brunawickia omiti
ted.
Paaaaagera who procure their ticketaat the ticketoflice.receive
a ferry ticketgratii. Ticketeare received by theconductor
j ealvon the day when nurchaaed. nil
^ . RED BIRD LINE TO ALBANY, en the
Fait ?'de of the river, having better itagee
ami teama?aakiug no higher fare.?Office.
Howard1! Hotel. 178 Broadway ? Paaiengeri will be forwarded
by Stage to Alba-iy by th t line from any point on the Eajt
I aide of the rirer where the boat! may be compelled by ice to
tor.
Agent! will be on hoard each of the mail boati to give aniir
teace and information.
I Thia line extendi to Montreal, touching at Albany, (office
undeeffite Mueeum) and einbracee a very direct and comino!
xSeetagei}.- h?rar?of ti.ii line will be found really the
bMUka the AlbMw, and no deception.
[ The atrirteat ?IU?it..oi >mllbe paid to the comfort, conveaagteM
and ?pe ol of all who may pv? m the preference.
WWea the river ehall he ahn? up ei, -?ly. Red Bird Stagee
flt ywall throigh'from New York rity t- Albany.
hi. H?BA*XYER,i4ien"
t. Y BAR FB, Proprietor, *1* i".'
Iff , WWW YORK AJWALPA.NV
" "? oath Suae rteite k? r -ui!
n tflCiuJpSEaithe . ,j Jtaad, Wwterii hp,; CeurtUml:
If ?Iree i - M?Thelur- y? the welt etek af the ri ter u
I formed fr m New YaHl hp P'erwmut by I'eomboat l."lica.
H Iron Pie.-?n"nt to '.,-ilwm brlhe r olroad, aiid teeate to A!
II aenyny itas P^.ei gen by thin I: may leaveltew y ?,w
II errry mori.;;..'t Sunday! ?e*el|d)*i 8 o elook. aaBarrti - m
Albany n?rt morning by 8. *
Tbu i? toe mortem, jnrkrit and clienpeat r">utr to Alb"uy.
The railroad can art- l.nge, commodious and orm-d by
atovee
The line or. the eavt tide will be by iteamboat daily a* far
at the ice *i 1 permit.
F.. BEACH.
P?a?er.r'-? Mr Newburgh and Paltxmay aeeure paiiagr at
Rue office by -tcarnboot and railroad to Turner*!, |$ mile! tht!
aide of Newb .rgh wh< re atagra will be iu reidiu |? to convey
them to ine ah ne umn>d i.la en. dt-H tji
VIA STO.XIXGTON. DAILY.
Wwktete HAUNDKN 41 CO'S American and Foreign
FxpreM. Foreign Letter, and General Forward
ihg Oin</c ?I'nrk.tge* 01 all kind* *ample good*.
jBHKSLkperie, and bank note*, will be recyveJ and forwaraedpyEipre**,
lo and from the following pi ice*:?
From Bo?tou to Linrpool, London. Manchester, Birminghfln.and
Lredi.Knc.; Dublin end Cork. Ireland; tflaagaw aud
All* epoch. ScetlaniC Pari* and Havre. Kranee. and from Bo*tn
te Providence, New York, Philadelphia, and from Troy
nlAlb iu)', ha> nig reccutly made arrangement* with the Peo
mi Line to that effert.
MARNDEN St CO. will attend to collecting or paying
Dm*. Note*. Bill* ir Acceptance*, and the purchasing of
fegde of ever)- description. or transient buainei* of any kind,
WUCb they undertake promptly.
Letter Bag* will be kept at their Botton.New York Philadelphia
and Albany offices, for Cunard's Royal Mail Line of
>*> ahina; alao. for the -learner Great Western.and the safl Kpacket*
from New York.
"iME NOTICE ? Package* **nt to either office,for Eng.
ted,oral y other place, muni not, iu myease. contain letters
. P(.B. All (eed* must he marked HARNDEN Si CO.. who
ere alone reepossihlr for the In** or injury of sry articfes or
property eooimitten to their care; nor n any nek assumed by.
nor ean any be attached to the B It P. and 8. Railroad*, or the
N.J. 8team Navigation Co., on \vho*e road*, or in vrho??
I gteksner*. their crate* are or may be transported, in retpect to
j flietn or their content* at any lime.
Rgrratvcr*:-Mr*?r?. Elotcher. Alexander k Co , LiverI
Peel and London; Welles Ik Co., Bankers, Pari*, France;
Thames B. Curtis, Eej . Bo*ion; Goodhue V Co.. New York;
Cjjey^k Hnrt, Philadelphia; and Thomaa W Olcott, E*)..
Ornce**;?No. J38 River street, Troy; It F.achange. Albany;
4i South Third 'ret. Philadelphia; II < huren airvet,
Liverpool, t Court atieet, Boston; Union Building*. Frovi
irk. WYMAN. Agent, No. I Wall ?t.. New York.
Jgp * HARNDEN k CO
T. POWELL k CO.'S LINE.
4M H(IR NK.WBl RUIi. landing at CALD
^^^ WF.i.L'S. WEST POINT AND COI.D
SPRING?The Itramboat HIGHLANDER
C*|t. Robert War-drop, will leave the foot cf Warren street
FWwTorh . every Monday. Tt?I "lay and Saturday tftrrnoon'*
fckoVhick. Returning, the Huh ii^er will leave NewHurgr eery
Monday morning at I o'clock, an* I eerday and Friday
afternoon at t o'clock.
nr freight cr passage, apply to theCaptaiu en board.
N. B All baggage and freight of every desrriytioti, bank
Ml* orspecie, nut on board thia boat.must he at the risk of the
MRMTs thereof, union bill ofleding erreceipti* signed for
#ALl. ARRANOKMENT-POUOHKEKI'Sii, AND
NEW VORK.
jkM The fa?t failing uteamboat OSEOLA.CapVerdme
Truefdale, for the re mainderof
SE.3EiJC.tht ttaton will leare the ateamboat pier. foot
erCeambtrt i'rtrt. rttry Tueoday, Thurfday and Saturday
fMRMOM. at 3 o'clock?landing, tin awl down, at Caldwell'!,
Wait Point. Cold Sp'inc, Cornwall, Fialikill Landing, New
Rant bur*, and Milton. Returning, learea rauglikeenfieatery
Maoday Wedntiday and Friday moriiing, at 7 o'clock AtMr
the Ifl ol November, the Oaeola will leave Poiighke*|.*ie at
?'dock in the morning. For oaaiage. aprlv to the I aptain.
hoard. >r to D. RANDOLPH MARTIN.
f* U t Weal ?t.
?0? OLD LINE OF LIVERPOOL PACKETS.?
IV ttegnlar Pact, t .,1 the lith January.? 1 he fplcadid.
bi??t 'iiltng,packet ehip COLUMBUS. f apt.
ail nu Wedueaday, the I it'i inat.,her regular dar.
a accointr.odationa ot thlt lute lor paauengera. u well
hfenwn to !> ptiperinr to any other. Thone about to embark
dmld eaamire thu parket ah ip* before engaging e'iewhere
Jot terme ol i*<aage apjly on board, faot of Bee am an ttreet
Ot to the iubicriberi.
ROCHE, BROTHERS fc CO
M Fulton ft. next door to the Fulton Bank.
Pertotu deeir luf ofierdiug for their friend* can hate th?m
broui't out in thii favorite ihip, or in any of the ahipa m the
old line, failing fn.m Liverpool punctually on the 7th and IPth
fever} m.nth Apply ?f above. jio
MT PASSAOE FOR SAVANNA H ?Fi r?t l ac*'
b^H^^el.?The ipleudid packet brig EXACT, Captain
JHHBbJohnion faila peailltely aa abore.
TOt* teatel haa fplendid fecommodftioaf fur cvhin.eecoud
?Bbtn and ftearaga i-aaaeagert. For paffagt, early appltca
Mm fhould be made to
W. k J. T. TAPSCOTT, It South .treet.
Jf M Peck akp.
^H^.Or'kAT BHiITAliir,cZcVrou'r'nill {!e"d?pa*?hPJHBBbud
lor Mobile on Turtday, 11th iuet.
flh* hai aaaur.wMed acroinmodftionf for cabin, 2nd cabin
MUteerage puaengert, wlrf? will be taken at the lowait ratea.
Apply oo bo.rd the ihip, at Pine atreet whart. or to
W. kJ.T. TAP8C0TT, It South itraet,
j? or ?*|P- .
PACKETS FOR HAVRE.?Second Lise.-Tp
b^HPynew.Hip ST. NICOLAS, 17B. Pell, maa'er. wit
SHME^ail on thf let of February
~ BOVD k HINCKEN. Agente.
a I Re. ( Tontine Building
SECOND HAND IRON SA^ES. in goodcrder. for aaie.
Olterp low, at the Iron Cheat Wtrehonee of
|8. C. HfJlRtNO.
( Ji lWWiter ftreet .
E NE
JNE
^"OTICE.? Proposal* wBI be received at the office of the
i ' Commissary Geueral of Purchases, iu f hiladelphia, to furnuti
the following material* andar iclcsfur the Coiled State*
Army, for the year 1342, vie
Blue cloth, 6-1 wide, d)ediu indigo and iu the wool
Sky blue twil'ed C loth, 6 4 wide
Unoleached Cotton Shirting, 7 3 wide
Bleached do do do
Flannel of Cotton and Wool 7-3 wide
4 anion Flannel, 3-4 wide
Unbleached Cotton Drilling. 3-4 and 7-3 wide
Bleached do 3-t wide
Uniform Cun, for Dragoons. Artihtry and Infantry
Pompoous. lor Artillery and infauiry
Hair Plume*. for Dragoons
Bauds acd Tasiels do
Alguilletles, Artillery and lufantry
W >rited Saihei, do do aud Dragooui
Shoulder Straps, do do
Do _ (brass 1 for Dragoon"
Epaulette*, Non. t'om'd Statf, Artillery and lufantry
Woollen half Stocking*
Laced Doolie*
Leather Stock*
Blauket*. 61 fert long 5 feet wide, weight 4 uound*
Me 1 at Cap Equipment*, for Dragoou*, Artillery aud Inf.
Killing Axe*
Ha'chelj
Spade*
Drum*, complete, with Stick*. Sling*, aud C i*e?
Woratid Binding and Cord, of all kind*
Common Tent*
Wall Teut* and Klir*
Hospital Teut*
Fainting aud Strapping Knapiack*
Cask* and Cooperage. forone year from 1st April next.
(The quantity aud number of these article* will be deter
unrd hereafter.)
The whole are to ;be of domestic mariufactitred inalerial*.
Patterns of all the required Woollen and Cotton Cloths and
article*, are deposited in the Commissary Cfeueral'* Office, iu
this city, for ex uniiiatiou. S.unplesol I ,e Woollen aud Cotton
Cloth* will be aent to any manufacturer on application to
this Office, by mail,aud ?urh information giren a* may be de irtd.
The Bootee* are to he of tiifhl 1i7.ee. and the Cap* of
/itc sizes. The lizea and proportion* of *ize? will be stated ill
the contract*.
On the samples anJ patterns exhibited the con'raet* will be
founded and iuspecuous n ade and no article will be received
that is tnlrrior in the material or u orbwanship to, or that does
not correspond in every respect with the pattern on which a
contract is founded.
The supplies are to be delirered at the United States Arsenal.
n<ar Philadelphia, lor riisueclion. in equal monthly portions,
aud the routruct* are to be fulfilled on or before the 1st
day of July, 1842.
The proposals most be in writing. sea'?d. and indorsed,
" Proposals."'and must reach the Office of the Commissary
CJeneral of Purchase*, on or before the 17th day of January,
1342. No proposal will be received af er 3 o'clock of that day.
security wm De required Mr the imminent or contract*.
J. WASHINGTON TYSON.
Commissary Geueral oi Purchases.
Cosimissarv Oesvfral's Office.
Philadelphia. Deccmlier 17th, IB41 _ dl9 codtJ17
DEEAYKJp TEKTK.
PARI9EVS SPECIFIC.
A SURE CURE for the Tooth Ache, safeand easy in the
application, cerUlu iu it* curative effects?a remedy well
teit-d, and of long standing?Prepared ouly by J. W. Clowes,
Dentist, and eold by Him, wholesale and retail, at hil iffice.47
Bond at, N Y. Certificate*?The undersigned, hating used the
Paris?u?s Specific, aa prepared by Mr. J. \V Clowes, unite iu
recommending it to the public confidence. L. Parinely, Surgeon
Dentist, 341 Broadway N.Y.: J. Smith Dodge, Surgeon
Dentist. 47 Bond street, N. Y\; N. Dodge, Surgeon Deniiet 698
Broadway, N. Y'.: E. G. Burger, Surgeon Dentist, 31 Market
street. X. Y. C(7~X B. None i? genuine, ualcss signed by
the proprietor. Sold, also, by the following Druggists, Cot
ton, 313 Bleeckerstreet; Ring. 644 Brnadwav ; Schietleliu. 114
Canal St.; Plan's. 978 Broadway, and cor Hudson and North
Moare streets; Milnor. 193 Bread way; Burnet; 310 Chatham;
Synie, 63 Bowery, cor Walker St.; Hutching. ISO Bowery, and
Doolittle,345 Centred.; price per vial so cents?half vial 95.
<1 IS lm'
T\R TAYLOtt'S BALSAM OK CIV ERW'OK T.-At the
i-f old establishment. 373 Bowery.?The person advertising
in Spring street, first urdsr anonymous initials, then asW.
W. Taylor, and again as W. W. 1 haver, hn not now, nor
never has had any connection with the establishment at No.
875 Bowery. 1 he late proprietor, F A. Thayer, had but
oue brother, named William W. Thayer?he has not been
iu the house ol his deceased brother for several years. About
four year* ago he opened a store at 341 Spring street, and advertised
Rogers' Balsam of Liverwort, and near two years
ago came before the public iu support of Burritt St Co in imitating
Dr Taylor's Baleam of Liverwsrt?and acaiu comes forward
claiming the proprietorship of said medicine, when it
was well known that at the time the proprietor, the Nte F A
Thayer first ietrndnced this celebrated medicine, W W Thayer
was about fourteen years of age.
Be esreful where you buy?Purchase only?mind this Oatr
?at the old office. 375 Bowery,) between Fourth and Fifth
Streets. Our agents will please address as formerly. d39 |m*
DR. TAYLOR'S BALSAM OF LIVERWORT.-FiOOO
Reward will he paid to any person who will prove the
assertions of the " Widow in the Bowery" to be true, that I
am not the brother of her late husband, F. A. Thayer or that
I do not possess the original recipe for Taylor s Pulsion of
Liverwort or that I never made or sold this medicine at my
late residence, 875 Bowery.
W. W. Thavsr. 241 Spring at.
rafTiort?Beware of the statements of the interested and
fraudulent'. Daily most shameful attacks are made, calculaled
to deceive purchasers an. 1 others, as well to deprive the
rightful proprietor of all tluir just claims. Kamemher, tliere
is nut one original recipe in existence, aud that is in Spring st.
froin which the medicine w as originally prepared by their
m the Bowery, and established the medicine in its high repute.
Touch noue made by those who are trying to deceive
yon by false assertions. Purchase only thst made from the
irigiual recipe iu Spring street ana you are certain of the
genuine.
At en is and others supplied, on highly favorable terms, by
!h? sole proprietor, W. W. Thavkh, 341 Spring street, formerly
375 Bowerv. d38 tmir"
~~ PERMANENT ESTABLISHMENT.
MON9. M ALLAN 8c SONS, Surgeon Deutists, 373 Broadway,
snil at Loudon and Paris, inform the public of New
Y'ork aud im vicinity, thit iu consequence of tluir very extensive
practice, they have at length bren induced to open a permanent
establishment, where they may be consulted daily, a
379 Broadway, betw-en Fraukliu and White streets, in all
eases appertaining to th<ir profession, in which they have been
so successful, in consequence of their celebrated discovarttn
and improvements in the art of Dentistry . d31 lm*
BERKSHIRE BOAR "FOR SALE.?For sale cheap, a
choice, thorough bred Berkshire Boar. Can be seen iu the
rear of 93 Crosby streit.uear Prince. 15
PEAt H ORCHARD NUT COAL AT LACKAWANNA
KRICK8.? Real Peach Orch&rJ. R*il Ash i.ar?
Nut Coal, doubly screened, and delivered to any part of (fie
city free of cart ige. at $7 50 ; Broken or Egg.Jti St*; l.elngh,
$fi 00, Screened Liverpool, $11 09. Apply at yard Jot Washutftw
street, near Hpting. dtt Iji*
AMERICAN BANK LOt,K COMPANY, lor u.e tot .1
' ANDREWS' CELEBSATKD COMBINATION
LOCK," ..re now ready to receive order* for this celrhrattu
Lock, and lit. inn suppli-d tlie numerous orders hereiof.ire received
are now prepared from the extensive arrangements
the mauutaclursia of tliear Locke to deliver at toe ehorteel
tice. T be design of tlie association i* to fjimieh them to
every Bank in the United States, and the eecurity thev have
heretofore furuuihed to auclt banlu ae h tve applied them
against betug robbed, having often been tested by ourglara, is
sufficient proof that no bank can be considered a safe depository
without these locks en their vaults or safes. All othei
locks can and have been opened, while theae bid .1* fiance to al
attempts and the combination of change* it can undery r, varying
from 4,i)9t to l ,009,000. at the will of the owner, furnishes
security not found iu any oilier mode of fastening. Locks fir
sales and store doors from 196 to 4.091 changes
As relates to the superiority of this lock over any other, re
Terence is made to any of the banks in Wall street,New Yort.
Directors and offitera of banks are requested to examine the
L >ck*. and orders will be received at the olT.ee of
WADSWORTH k SMITH,
d4 4 4 Jours' lane, agents for the city.
UfirmVT MERCL'fiY?ETC"CfrffRhTNNA. has the
'V notior ot informing me cititen* ol NewYora, (hat
he cure* radically, on tlie homeopathic system, ana in a law
days, every description of syphilic disease, whether recent
of long standing, without danger of isl apse, winch very oft in
occurs by the use of mercury.
The remedy of Dr. Brenna does not contain a particle of
mercury, ?r any other corrnaive or poisonous mineral, and
therefore raunnt possibly etercise any deleterious influence
on the body. It can be conveniently administered; its operation
is always safe and no bad consequence* can follow from
its use, bo**.ever critical ths circumstances under which it is
taken.
Patients wishing advace car. consult Dr. Brenna at hj*
o-mre. Granite Building, corner if Broadway ami Ch.moers
street , entrance in Chambers sirs t.at anv hour from ID A. M
to 9 P.M. j3 lm
vmblo'9 oarden?tothe lovers ok flora.
I* Messrs NIBLO Ik DI'NLAP would most respectfully informgrntlemcu
wanting b impieta. that they are fully prepared
to su, plj orders to anveiteut, ami on reaaouable terms.
The conservatory and gre?n hous** at 579 Broadway, and at
Harlem, will contince any lady or gentleman wh? will tlie
proprietors are prepared to rcecutejnrders, which will be al all
times attended to w itli neatness and despatch.
Ladi,* giving soirees or balls can be supplied with plants of
large or small sii*. Also, cut flowers, which will be arranted
in the most tasteful manner by Mr. T. Duiilap, who has be-u
lony; and favorably kuownto the lovers ofplanll.
The l outrnlriryil N iblo'* Ovrden will a waya he open In
the Udtr* for prnmenvlr and eeery attention paid them?
there are now tliimaud* of that epluulid rtoaer. the Camellia,
coming iuto bl xon. n.auv of w hich are of the bent aire to
prreent to thelailiei for decorating their windowa, aud which
will be aold at moderate prieee, witherery other article in their
line.
Kre?h Bir l S" d>. Q .Id Fieh, Gloliea See. i',7f
f <1.(11 h v ? AI SMITH'S Uraaa and Wood Dock betablidhV
ment. at the coruer'rf the Bowery and Uirieion atreet, all
kind* oi 1m lis . <n be hail at wholeaale and retail forcwh.of
auperior quality and workmanabip, aud at the loweat poaaible
l>ncra. Alao cluck# far ehureh #teej.le*. for banka. public
room* and watch maker# regulalora ol a auperior Aniah made
to order, eecoud to none in Quality. aud warranted for lime.
Sample* alwaya on hand and may be examined by calling at
the w are room. Kuttanre 7] Bower.
RANSOM SMITH. Proprietor.
At Baltimore. 31 South f'harlea atreet. ta a b ? nc h of thw eetabtiahment
a here orderr fir large or amall clocka, in all their
xarietiei, at wholeaale or retail, will be promptly eiecutad by
Smith k Kt uu, Proprietor* in Baltunor^^
dta KUWAKD Kl'.NN
PAPHK" WAKKH OL*SK-?p6R8St It IfiOOKS, pfo. II
I Liberty atreet. offew fer aale the folluvmug aaaortmact of
Paper ou the m ??t reaa-nable term* :
lew reamt 2**49 ) f 100 reame 3t*M
?00 do 9?l?i Vvawanawaei** ^ 44*M
00 do MaJ7 too do tit ft
M? do Iti3T J ltoo do 9*aai
too reama 1 frtt. Book.
Together with a fine aaaortment of Writing and Wrapping
fafor.
Printing Paper of anrStre or Quality made In order al ahw*
DOPt'LAR MF.I)I(;INR?Thorn'e t ompound Kitract ol I
A Cobaiha and SareapariPa. a certain, aale. and moat effectual
remedy erer iliecnvn ed for the cure of yon. rrhrea, gleela.
alricturea. whitea, pain# in the back and hone, eeaunal weak
neea. affrrtiona of the Icidneyt. gravel, wwiiltfe eruption* lie
One recommendation tin* preparation enjoya over all other#
la it* neat portable form, put up in note, the mode in which it
may be taken being both eaay and pleaaant.itataateleaa nature,
with no realrirti .fi in diet or confinement from daily bo?inea?.
Trarellera eapecially would find thie medicine highly uaelnl
and ought never t i be unprovided with a preparation poaeean"ht
the advantage* whirr the present ene combine*. Prepared
"7 J- Thorn, chemiat. London, and for aale. wholeaale and
retail, by I ante* Tarrant 264 (ireenwich atreet, corner of Warren;
Bouill.rd it Dclluc, It Park Row, and Ml Broadway; P.
wtckte, 414 Broadway. n?0 4?*
T^PrAS^SFEKTie OF THK JfcFFa.llWH ukR.
, . NA1MKIIS.?'The third Aanual Ball of ihie eompany will
o Q}mrt " ''?* * ? January, 1 *42, at the Apollo Saloon. |
Broadway. The boa* Brana Band of the city ta eagaged lor |
thia eec ulon. Tteketa tteach, to be had of
! 'PW* Irlil, IH Oiwenwich atreet.
Jt^'i^nifaaar.MCgpMa at.
m Pat ? Roaoavalt ?t.
Sergl. Sckwartil t M Second at.
fr*I? Waahington at. '
f-T"*- briaaa.y at. |
Corp. Blanc. Tt Pulton at.
Corp. 8( hloaaar. Henry Clay Houee.
<131 JfklS* Prta. Bohrer, T1 Jaaaaa at i
W YO
W YORK, TUESDAY M<
Philadelphia.
I Correspondence ot the Hrrkid.l
Philadelphia, Jan. J?, 1842.
Pennsylvania Slutf Stocks?Their Credit?The Ales
jugt of Gov. Porttr?Tht Movement* in the J-egulature?The
Recorder of I'hiUuleipliia.
J a mm (ioedox Bexxett, ?
Hear Sir?
Your incomparable " Herald" has so extensive a
circulation in our city and State, is so much relied
upon, and so generally read, that those of us citizens
who value the character of our city and Commonwealth,
would be culpable in the extreme, were
we to read and pass unnoticed such remarks a9 are
made by your generally excellent correspondent of
this city on Saturday last, who really appears to me
for the time being to have taken leave of his usual
intelligence ; and, instead of playing the part of a
citizen ot the State, who was disposed to put an
end to the swindling of these pests of society, stock
jobbers and usurers, und do common justice to the
Governor's Mesasage and the Sta'e, plays into their
hanas?questions the integrity as well as the nbility
wfthe State, and ihus forwards the objects of this
secret board of brokers, v\ ho daily set in our city,
concocting schemes how best they can carry out
their plans of speculation and peculation, by raising
this stock, a large quantity of which they, or their
intimate friends, have on hand, and wish to sell;
and depressing the price of that which they wish to
purchase Now, your correspondent said a broker
had told him that Pennsq Ivania State fives had declined
one dollar on a share, the highest bid being
$49. He should have added that no man was fool
enough to sell at 849. He also adds that it is currently
reported (by the same authority, no doubt)
that the money is not in the Pennsylvania Bank,
where it has usually been- What all this bodes, he
cannot divine, and that he does not believe the State
debt will ever be paid. He may divine and understand
it all, if he will take the paina'to read this.
He has been imposed upon and deceived by a set
of men who proudly hold up their heads, and lmw
grown wealthy by thus secretly prowling and preying
upon the community; they want to buy State
stock, and,mark me, so soon as they hare enough, it
will be run up to an enormous price; then they'll sell
out. Are the interests or tne state tnu9 to be tampered
with, by a conclave of brokers, whose secret
and selfish doings entail more misery upon our community
than the most rotten corporations that ever
cursed our land and disgraced our country. Their
continuous conduct can no better be described or explained
than by the one act of the investigating and
dividend committee of the dead monster. I saydead,
because its groans, although heard, have
ceased to terrify or dismay. They had a large
amount of stock, and reported more than fourteen
millions surplus profits, published the report, divided
the available funds, and sold out their stock tnstanter.
Now sir, the Board of Brokers do this thing
unblushiagly every day in the year; they craftily
circulate, as veiite their statements, and find fools
enough to believe them and finally loose by their
credulity.
I refer you, sir, and your readers, to the message
of Governor Porter and the proceedings of our Legislature
thus far, tor a refutation of all charges and
insinuations against the credit of the State: she is
sonad to the core in resources, capital and integrity.
It is a matter of pride and proud sat.sfaction to our
permanent citizens, to find, after all the abuse that
has been heaped upon some of the democratic representatives,
charging them with incompetency,
locotocoism, &c. See , that those very men
were the first and foremost in our Legislative flalis,
when the proceedings of a few hasty and indiscreet
young men, at a meeting held in our city, were laid
before them, repudiating the State debt, Arc , to
treat it with high indignation, full of scorn and contempt.
Now let their revilers learn through them
to respect the ability and integrity wt the people. I
heard from good authority but yesterday, that one
of poor old Mr. Rimer's ablest (I cannot talk of virtup.
honesty or manhood) officers? 1 mean intellectual
officers?said that the message of Governor Porter,
he was constrained to admit, was the best message
he ever read. I however have no confidence
in anv opinion expressed by that gentleman?I should
suspect him ot design in every thing he says or does,
and regulated in all things by craft, cunning and deceit.
'Twas he ihat largely contributed to the present
evils by w hich we are surrounded, aided by the
powers of office tor which he was unfit, and which
he so conspicuously disgraced.
We know that tew men know more about the
real state of afloirs in Pennsylvania than yourself,
Mr. Editor ; and we would invite a close examination
of Governor Porter's Message, and your views
thereon, and we solicit a careful examination of it,
oy Uir |?ru|i|C. uuu, my nuiu iui u, iiiuse* wiiu
own Slate slock will not cnlv be satisfied, but anxious
lo have more ; as ii will be as safe and secure
an investment as can be found in the country ; and
the secret doing9 of brokers, stockjobbers and their
agents. as well as the views of cuperficial observers
set forth in plausible language, be dissipated and dissolved
into thin'air. If we have leisure we will
review the message and invite scrutiny. We have
no other interest than a citizen of the stale; we
thertfore nvan to >ay and do what is right, and, tl
we err, sha'l be glad to be advised of it; but we fear
110 investigation into the truth of our statements or
the integrity ofour motives, and hesitate not 'o say,
and we say it b >ldly, that the me.-s.ige, in all its
parts, m?ets with a hearty response throughout the
common wealth?admired by Governor Porter's
friends and respected by his enemies
And now, sir, a word or two n9 to the fairness, or
justice of the charge made against the Recorder of
our city, by one oi your correspondents of Saturday
idit. lie uses the following language:?
The renewed action against Blildle, Jmidon Si Co., before
the Recorder, excites but little interest from the fact
that the belief is general that they will not be held to
bail. The Recorder, though probably a ronirit ntiotu
officer, is an amiable gentleman, and doubtless has his
sympathies. These men, having formerly been to some
extent his associates and companions, he will allow, it is
feared, his goodness ol heart to operute to the prejudice
of justice.
(?jr Recorder is thus charged with corruption,
want of ability and an intended violation of the sacred
oathol his office. Now these charges were
either hastily and thoughtlessly, or deliberately
penned, and perhaps with a view to prejudice the
act H ed or intimidate the Recorder It the firs',
the writer did an act lor which conscience will pay
him hereafter, and I am sure he will immediately
regret. If the second, his conscience is seared?iie
bus been given up to a hardness of heart.?He is a
villain ol no commou order, who would thus dare to
charge a man so well and favorably known as Hichard
Vaux, our Recorder, w ith some ol the blackest
otiences in the catalogue of crimes, without a
single floating murmur upon which to rest his accusations.
If third, to wit, to intimidate the Recorder,
the writer could not have given more conducive
evidence that he knew nothing of him and
had heard less I regret to say,that it is pc ssible the
charges came indirectly front the persons concerned
in the prosecution. If sa, and it were ascertained,
it would only he upon a par with many of the sacret
doing."of the wtreworkets behind lhe scene?we
know them, and know how signally they have failed
in their unholy plans?ihey have found that nil State
administrations were not a!ike?some officers were
made of too stern stuff for their use. This is not a
day for cunning, cratty practices?the time has just
past, mill wc llunc mi cvrii rm uui?|(n mm
clrim the light of day. We have an Attorney General
now who holds no secret seei-ions, and does
no secret offices. His office and his acts belong to
the public, and they have them to the letter.
And, let me ask, who is Richard Vaux, our Itecorder,
and where did he come from, and what haa
he been, to be thus abused ? His lather, the late
Robert Vnux, uevoted nearly all his pre-eminently
useful life to the establishment of the various charitable
institutions ol our Slate, and was from tune to
time at the head of most of them, directing,in the
holy came of charity, with an able and liberal hand
He occupied many important public stations, which
we have neither time or spare to enumerate ; suffice
it to say, that he was called away, in'the midst
ol his labors, to meet his reward, and no man enjoyed
a laner share of pnblic confidence and affection,
and few |edve us more sincerely resetted, or
whose loss to Philadelphia could be more deeply
felt. The Recorder, Richard Vaux, Esq., has ever
been a consistent democrat ; he was private werelary
to one of our foreign minister* some years, and
returned to his friends and the home ol his birth,
Philadelphia, with his love for repabhean institutions
and manners by no nieaua diminished He
lias been exceedingly active as a^politician, and was
appointed Recorder by < Joverner Porter. It is an
ffiee without salary or perquisites to him. The
iRK I
3RNING, JANUARY 11,
Whig councils of tlie city, upon ascertaining their
Whig Recorder was-about to tesign, took away
the city salary and the same legislature took away
the tState portion- Mr. Vaux may be found in ins
tiice, ready to serve his fellow cit zeus with or without
fee, as their sense ol right ntiy direct, each and
every day. lie is a plain honorable man, one in
whom the humblest citizen, it oppressed, will find a
friend He is wealthy, and stives with a liberal
hand to the poor. He is uncompromising in bis
integrity, open, free and frank in his intercourseIn
fact, just such a man as good men admire and
knaves need fear.
VVn I,:. I... - u l.'l.r Mbi',,7 in nur nil,, a n,l n..,.ln nil
of our aidermen are witijjs. Richard Vuux, 1! ecorcler,
a well known democrat, was selected by Austin
Montgomery, no doubt, utter inert solemn deliberation
of the conclave of prosecutors, as the best for
their purposes, being in the opposition in politics,
all the defeniianis being whigu, and none of them
ever associates, companions, acquaintance, or personal
friends of the recorder All directly or indirectly1
concerned in the fate of this prosecution know
lull well that a more resolute, determined oliicer
could not be found Neither post or position in lifts
will protect, or prejudice the accused in any case
before him. The Recorder has combined in his
character, courage and ability; he is a lawyer, and
whatever the evidence in this case demands, will be
done?neither fear, lavor, oraiiection will enter into
his decision. If there is evidence to hold to bail
and bind over, it will be done. If there is not, be
assured that neither compliment*, or threats, will
prevent discharge, lie knuwa Ins duty, regards his
oath, his honor, and his word. He you assured
that justice will he done according to la w, complain
who may. Amicus Vlhitabi.k
Vice Chancellor's Conrt,
Before Viae Chancellor M'Coun.
Decisions.
.Tan. 10 ? Eunice A. FretUiukt> vs. Jat. I'. Frederick*-?This
wa* an application for Divorce. The
complaint of the wife states that they were married
on the 12th Mareh, 1*10, and that at the time of entering
the action she was enciente by hem?that at
divers olaces, particularly in the vicinity of New
Rochelle and 146 Walker street, New York, the
defendant had illicit connection with a young woman
named Caroline liinman?that " she (complainant)
had no knowledge ol such connection until
the20th of June last, since which time she has
had no connection or communication with the said
James, and that the said James has left her and neglects
to provide for her support."
Dr Lovejoy testified that the defendant is a dentist
of good standing and high skill, and can easily
earn $2,000 per annum. The witness is also acquainted
with the forsaken wife. She is a young
lady of most excellent family, amiable and accomplished,
and every way exemplary in her conduct.
He saw them married a kittle short of two years
ago, at the Mission Church in Vandewater street,
d?w n/f- d i al- i-a r ??
wj tun KIT. ml. I Iiuu. VII ins 111 oi ?UJ |IIU(
they took board at No. 38 Prince street, where witness
also resides. On the 10th June the defendant
deserted wife and home, leaving her at the boarding
house, and she has since been dependant on the
kindness of her friends tor support. 8ke has now
a child, " a sweet babe" of about three months old.
In August the witness met defendant, and he acknowledged
that he had become connected with
Caroline Hinman, and informed him of illicit inter
course he had had with her at Yonkcrs, Maoioroneck,
and in New York, lie said she was uot bis
wife, but he did every thing for her the same as a
wife. Subsequently the witness found out where
they lived, and had an interview with Caroline
Hinmun, who stated to him that she was the wife
of, defendant.
The' lady who keeps tke home No. 116 Walker
street, testified that on the 12th of June last, a
young woman named Frances Hintnan caase to her
bouse and engaged board. A day or two afterwards
she introduced the defendant at the house as
a gentleman to whom she was affianced and expected
in a day or two to be married. On the 19th of
June she weut out, and on her return was accompanied
by the defendant, whom she introduced as her
husband, saying they had that day been married,
The defendant admitted that they were so. and they
took board together at the house, residing there till
the 12th September, following, passing as man and
.vife, aud occupying one room and one bed. A few
days previous to the 12th of September, witness
heard that the def-ndant had another wife, and
called upon her at No. S8 Prince street, by which
the guilty conduct of defendant and Frances Hinman
became known to her, and she took measures
accordingly
Decree?Divorce a vinculo matrimonii, [from the
contract of marriage,] with cost?, and that it be referred
back to the master to report what will be
suitable allowance to be made to the complainant by
way of alimony for the support of herself and her
infant child, and further directions arcVeserved until
the Report he uiadc.
Tabiiha ll'innrtt vs. Thomax H'inntU-?This was
also an application for divorce. The parties were
married at No. 37 Cherry street, on the 3rd. 8et>tomber,
1336. They hare had no children. in
November, 1840, they kept house at No. 16 Carat
street. One evening the defendant went home accompanied
by a young woman named Caroline
Kyckman. He told complainant, and another person
who was present, that "he had got into a
scrape with said Carotins, and that he could not and
WoaM not leave her, and tint they must all three
live together?and he then proposed that his wife,'
the complainant, should pass for his sister,and that
the said Caroline Kyckman should live with him
nun wne. i ne complainant, a? stated l?y a witness,
appearedl>ery much astonished at this propo
sition, and objected to it. Tbe defendaut then went
away with the said Caroline Ryekman, at the same
time swearing that he would live with her. Winnett
and the girl went off together, and he subsequently
hired a place in Columbia street, where
tney lived together passing as man and wife, occupying
one chamber and one bed. He never returned
to his wife, and the latter went to reside with
her father at Staten Island. Divorce granted acin<
alo matrimonii, with costs.
General Session*.
Before the Recorder, Judges Lvuch and Noah,
aad Aldermen Innes and Timpson.
Jisvakv 10 ?Arnuult and Battery.?George Derrick,
Jr., pleaded guilty to an assault and battery
on Margaret Thompson, of No. 120 Liberty street,
on the b h of July last Sea:ence postponed.
Arnault anil Battery.?John Connelly was tried
for an assault and battery on Ann Donnho, of No.
K> Orange street, on tbe 1st of April last, by striking
her with an iron weight. Found guilty, and judgment
suspended lor the present.
Beating a Captain nf the tCatch.?Matthias Hirbank,
Valentine Baker, Richard Binsonsen and John
Lown, were called for trial, for an assault and battery
on C ptain Darnel Fisher, of the 6th district
watch-house Lowu not appearing, his recognizances
ware forfeited ; and their being noevidenee
against Baker and Simonsnn, they were acquitted.
Capt. Fisher stated that he was struck by Birbank
and I.owns, while in the performance of his duty,
on the 1st of September last. The jury returned a
verdict ofgnilty against Birbank.
Bereiving Stolen Good*.?John Bacon, who keeps
a jnnk shop, at No 413 Water street, was tried for
receiving 14 pigs of lead, that had been stolen from
Robert J. Vsndewater, on the 2Sth of November
last. It was proved <hat the lead was found on his
premises by officer I.nunsberry; and there being
no evidence that he knew it was stolen, the jury
returned a verdict of not guilty.
Weeping a l)i*ordn ly Ifcnue.?Mr. Wns. S. Pearsoil,
of No 273 Wa'.ei street, was put on hie trial
for keeping a disorderly dance-house. Assistant
Aldermm Halsey, of the Fourth Ward, testified,
that the nnisance arose more from the noise and
language in the street, after the dances were over,
than from any thing that transpired in the house.?
It was also proved that the house was a report for
prostitut.-s, and that the basement was used for a
dance room, wbare they assembled A part of the
dwelling is used as a shipping office for United
>c?wcn. & mc unsure proved uiai inc dance
house was kept by a man named Williams, and not
by Pearsell, as represented. The jury returned a
verdict of guilty.
-Plaid (Juilly. ?Goorge R.-ach who was indicted
lor keeping a disorderly house at No. 304 Waterstreet?judgement
postponed.
Another trui! for keeping a elitorderly hounf ?
Henry Scott was Jtri?-d for keeping a disorderly i
house at No. 335 Water-street. It was showe tha; |
the house was the resort of women of ill fame, and
a tnnisance to the neighbourhood. The defence
proved that the dance eellar was rented to several
individuals, and that Scott was not the proprietor
of the house, but that his niotbor rented the premises
and owned the furniture. Verdict?Not
guilty.
Tiial for Arton in the second degree.? Joseph
Siecorish was tried for having set fire to the premises
of Henjsmm Sherwood, No. SO John street,
on the 13th of Oetober Inst. The building is used
as a r factory by Mr Sherwood; Siecorish hod
been engaged as e waiter at the house. From the
evidence it appeared that several umbrella* belonging
to persons who visi'.od the house, ha I been
stolen at different times ; anj, finally, suspicion
c
IER A
1842.
lulling U|?i n siccoristi, ne wan ? nargeu tjy ;,ii
Sherwood with stealing an umbrella that bad be>
lost on that day, and upon searcu, it was found i
a bed in which Siccorish had .-dept. in the upp<part
of the dwelling. He was then discharged b
Vlr. Sherwood ; and on the above n med day h
was seen to enter the building and pass up stair
with a cigar in his mouth, and wheu he came dim
the cigar was lighted. A few minutes afterward
the room from whence he issued was discovered t
be on fire, and several feather beds, and til canar
birds, the latter of which ware in an adjoiniu
room, were destroyed. It was also proved that lb
prisoner had usod threatening words applicable t
Mr. Sherw ood. The defence |>ro\ed a good cha
ractcr for prisoner, and the evidence was not sul
licient to satisfy the jury, and they returned a ret
diet of not guilty. He was immediately arrestei
en a charge of petit larceny in stealing an umbreli
from the above-named premises previous to th
fire.
The Court adjourned to this morning at elevei
o'clock.
Common Council.
Bo.vId or Ai.nvrmis?Munduy, Jan. 10.?A1
dcrnian Purdy in the Chair.
An invitation was received from Charles H. De
laran, to attend a Temperance Lecture to be deli
vered by him on Monday night, and accepted.
A communication from the Female Ilenevolen
Society of Harlem, asking for aid, was referred t<
the Committee on Charity and Alms House.
A communication from Mercantile Lodge of in'
dependent Odd Fellows, inviting the members ol
the Common Council to attend the celebration ol
the anniversary of the Lodge, at the Tabernacle, or
Friday evening, was accepted.
A communication from Henry Leibeneau, recommending
the Common Council to order a banner,
containing a painting of the City Arms, to be used
in publie proceedings. icc., was referred.
A petition from S. Van Karen, for the exclusive
use of the pier foot of Reade street, was receired.
From sixteen members of engine No. 33, preferring
charges against the foreman of said company?referred
to a special committee, consisting of Aldermen
Timpson, Hatfield and Jones. To open
Eleventh stieet, between the Bowery and Broadway.
A'rw Yuri; ami Albany Rail mail?The special
committee ou this subject presented a report to the
Hoard, appended to which were several strong resolutions,
highly recommending the immediate
completion ot said read.
The Committee on Printing reported against paying
S. D. &. E. White, the amount asked for pi inting
the registry list lor the 14th ward. The Committee
on Charity and Alms House recommended
an appropriation of $5000, towards expenses of the
Lunatic Asylum of Klaekwell's Island. The Committee
ou h ire aad Water reported in favor of leasing
a lot of ground in the Third avenue, between
Twouty-fifth and Twenty-sixth streets, on which
to erect an engine house for engine company No.
46, and appropriating $250 to construct such building
Adopted.
A resolution paying Dr. Charles Kilpatrick for
services rendered in attending two men who were
burned at a distillery last summer, was adopted.
A resolution was adopted to discharge Nicholas
Troy from piison, for a violation of the laws regulating
junk shops. In favor of paying Francis A.
Wreaks $25 for damages done to his house at the
charter election of April, 1S41, while it was occupied
by the election officers In favor of paying
Jacob Frout $50 for injuries received while in the
performance of his duty as a city watchman. In
favor of paying estate of Abraham Childs|$3S4 M)
as an award for opening street. In favor of remitting
the tax on $75,000 levied on the real estate of
the Pnenix Bank, on aecount of an error in the return
to the assessor InJ faver of selling a lot of
laad, corner of King and West streets, to Mr. Sanford
fer $5,660. h rom Joint Committee on Laws,
in favor of making a tender of $15,100 to John H.
tlowlaud for an award in opening88tb street. In favor
of reducing the rent of Waluut-stieet ferry
S600 per annum. In favor of granting the society
for educating colored orphans, a lease of 20 lots ia
Forty-fourth street, near Fifth Avenue, to erect
buildings for the nse of the society; laid ou the table.
lu favor of leasing to the Deaf and Dumb Asylum,
a vacant lot 200 feet square, adjoining the institution,
for fifty years, on condition of their supporting
three mutes sent from the Common Council,
for the first twenty-five years, and five for (he
remainder. From same committee, reeommendingthe
enactment of a law authorizing the corporation
to cetnmence snits against individuals violating
the city ordinances, without being compelled toascertain
their names.
The sum of $100 was appropriated to the Fire
Department.
The res:gnatinn of William Wiley, one of the
Ward Justices, was received and read by Alderman
I'urdy. The following is the Utter : ?
To Tilt HovOR-tSLK, Till CoMMO* Cot'XriL OF THE ClTT
of New-York.
Having by a verdict ot a Juiy. (so long as that verdict
remains uni < versed,) been placed in a |*>sition calculated
seriously to impair, if not entirely to destry my usefulness
as a civil Magistrate. I have felt it due alike to my
own self-respect, and public opinion, to surrender into
your hand* the commission received from you; and protenting,
at I solemnly do, my entire innocento of any
criminal intent or improper motive in the matter which
lias been heavily visited upan me by my persecutors,!
herewith tender my resignation as Assistant Justice ot
?the Fifth. Light, and Fourteenth Wards of the City ol
New-York.
From the rendition of the verdict I hare entirely refrain"d
from the peilormance of any duties connected
with my office, anil nothing but a want of opportunity
has prevented my resignation at an earlier day.
WILLIAM WILEY.
January 10th.. 1942.
His resignation was not accepted,but was ordered
on tile.
The Board then adjourned to Monday next.
Cii vtiiam Theatre.?A very full house assembled
here last night, to greet Yankee Hill's return
At ihe fall of the curtain a unanimous call of the audience
brought the Yankee to the foot lights, and
in his peculiar style, spoke us follows:?
Ladies ssn giin-sars : -For tlicJ-? continued and
renewed marks of your approbation, I sincerely render
you my thanks; were I to stand hera for an hour and
address you the. result would lie an expression of gra'i
ludc for your unwavering kindness towards me.
Shoutaof applause followed thi?, and Hill was
announced to appear to-night in Seth Slope
Mobile.
[L orrespondence of the Herald. 1
Mobile, Dec. JOth, 1*41.
The Iftaihtr?C'hrittmu*? liucu?Flan up, and Tittot
S'lot?Politic?flu*ine**?Cotton?llivn ?-Ltginlulure?Dank*,
and the 1-tdgei.
James Gokbon Besxitt, Es*.?
Dear Sir?
The weather has been so disa*tr? us for the week
past thvt the Uir sex have been >-o confined, and
out of hum- r, that they will not even see their
beauxChristmas
passed oil' without any thing occurmg
worthy of notice. The races hare begun, but on
account of the inclemency of the weather, have
been postponed until Saturday next. Tie tr^ck. as
the Ledger truly observes,is in better condition for
boating thau racing. Some fine sport is anticipated
next nreek.
A sad catastrophy occurred h? re last evening
between P. G. S;> phens, late of the City GuaaiL
nnd a rowdy by the name of Davis, who ? proprietor
ofthe masquerade ball*, situate on Royal etreet,
adjoining the new Theatre. The dispute arose
about a woman, (a* it usually the case,) which terminated
in a pistol ihot, the ball entering the left
side of Stephens, who sea - still alive at 1ft o'clock.
The police were in acti ve pursuit of Davit, but had
not overtaken hun
Politics are completely at a ttand. C'apt Tyler
has headed both patties oil The Wh g? have not
had the big cannon out * nee the receipt of the
Veto Message, No. 1.
IJutinert it completely at a stand. Very little
cotton bat been ^hipped during ihe la?t month; ike
prices are so high that no one dare risk themielvet.
The rivers are on the riae The Legislature is
still in session, and are spending their time fighting
for Bank Directors. Major II is at Ilead Quarters
More than half of the State are candidates
for either president or directors; but it is the general
opinion that 11. B. will be elected Presid. nt of
the Stale Hank, in this pace. The Ledger of this
place is blustering at a great rate: th-v are try ng
to im fate the Picayune, and the imperial sheet of
Nsw York, namely, your paper; but i> ien i K can't
come it quite
Fmg it WmrrHst.r ? On Wednesday last the
I uire tiaildtng, near the steamboat whart at Wh tehill,
? i' destroyed by lire It w*a owned by John
II Boyd, and consisted of a fonndary and .''irn'ce
on an egtenaiv- scale, a machine and finishing shop,
a sash factory and wagon shop ; ths machinery and
toola belonging to which were tor the moet pa: t consumed
Toe io? ia estimated at 9IO.1WO, on which
there was an insnrance for ?3,300.
L D.
Pries Two r*nti
CIA.MHSO Cl'MMI nit> ? 1 l?f lUliO* lug ib A CSC o
" the etanding Committee* in the New York Senate
" and Houw of IUpre:enative*:
y Camhittiki in tilv Senate.
u < * ii Chum??Messrs. Sherwood, Hopkins and
g lluiger.
n ?i'inrr ?Menrs. Paige. Hawkins and Bockee.
Jitdmaiy ?Mr?ri. Strong, Dixon. and Foster.
Militia ? Me?m lUxit, Sliernuvd, on 1 Strong.
( snais?Messrs. D.nniston, Rhodes, and Yanau
y Hailnuni, Mi'nrs. Srott. Hopkins, and Bokee
g He idi ami HrHftt?Messrs F.ly, Hum. and Bartlett.
e J.ilnaiurr? Mf.ni, Kuirr. Hunt, mid Hunter,
o Sta'' CiiMTii-McHti, Bartlett. Peck, and V*riar..
t. Hanks and Insurant' < '-.?i;i?in:r??Messrs. Foster, Nicllj._
olua, and Corning.
_ hit isionoj T. i ni andCuuntu ,?Messrs. Bucket*. Work*
* and Yarns)'.
J Coiumu\t? Messrs. Corning. Fiankim and Sherwood,
a .Uiirullurs?Menus Dickinson, and Demston.
e htanu/aciM ts?Mes.ni. haulkru-r, Vuruian and Johnson.
D Mutual Cullers and Societies? Messrs, Elv, reck and
Faulkner.
Privilogis and A'lediont?Messrs. Ruger, Franklin and *
Paige.
Engrossed Hills?Messrs Hawkins, Stror.g and Hard
Indian ^Ufaus?Mrsffi. Di\on, Faulkner ant b art let t.
Eapirim Raws?Meaars. Hopkins. Hard an 1 Scott
Public Expenditures?Messrs. Johnson, Hunt anil
Clark.
Incorporation of Citiet and I'illages?Messrs. Yarian,
t Works ami Ruger.
> Public Huildings?Messrs. Furman, Varnej* and
Rhoadee.
Pour Laws?Messrs. Varney. Piatt and Dickinson.
C Charitable and Religious .Societies?Messrs. Nichols,
e Deniston and I'latt.
Joint Library Committee?Messrs. Furman, Hunter and
1 Paige.
Committees it? the Hotse.
On Way< and Means?Mr. Human. Mr. Lawrence, Mr.
Da>"ts. Mr Juliand. Mr. Smith.
On Canals?Mr. Dix, Mr. Tamhlin, Mr. Burnham, Mr
Stetson. Mr. Bird.
On the Judiciary?Mr. Loomis. Mr. Simmons. Mr. Dave
/ai-. Mr. Strong, Mr. O'Sullivan.
On Railroads?Mr. [.eland. Mr. Lott, Mr. Ketcham
Mr. Redington. Mr. McKie.
On Hanks ami Insurance Companies?Mr. Towns end
Mr. Caryl, Mr Rogers, Mr. Baker, Mr. Harpur.
On Pi ietleees ard E'ections?Mr. Cramer, Mr. Beakes.
Mr. Morse, Mr. Winslow, Mr. Fink.
On Tun third Hills?Mr. Humphiey, Mr. Cuyler, Mr.
W. M. Udall, Mr. Dox, Mr. U.S. Wright.
On CtC'fd, Academies and Common Schools?Mr.
Maclay,Mr. Seymour, Mr. Hulburd, Mr. W. Junes, Mr.
Warren.
On the Petitions rj Allans?Mr. McMurray, Mr. O.
Wright. Mr. Pierce, Mr. McNeil, Mr. Johnson.
O" Oris cancel?Mr. Flagler, Mr P. Dieveudorf. Mr.
Wait, Mr. Lock wood, Mr. S. E-Church.
On the Erection and Division of Intent and Counties?
Mr. Carpenter, Mr. Russell, Mr.Lancing, Mr. Fells, Mr.
D S.Wright.
On Claims?Messrs.Tucker, Scovill, J. Wells,Swartwout,
Browiison.
On the Interval Aft airs of towns and Counties?Messrs.
u- it. r . junta, wolf, 1JB .\U)'l'llfl, J. I. liumDam, t
O. Haiti win.
On Mttlical Societies and Collegei?Mtasil. Taylor,
Dana. Spencf, Dubois, J. Dit-feiidotf
On the Incorporation] of COies and I'tUaaes?Me (in.
Hathaway, Brown, Durham, MerceLlus, Eells, E. Q.
Baldwin.
On the Manufacture of Salt?Mems. Muuro, Wilion,
Hitchcock, Jansen, Shelton.
Oil J>ade and Manufacture*?Mtiin. Grout, Shear, McQuiRg,
Stimson, Hunt.
On Engrossed litlli?Messrs. Pratt, Pattenoa. Knickerbocker.
Thorn, Ivw.
On the Militia and Public Defence?Messrs. Grirtin, Erwin.lt
A. L'dall, Powell, Arnold.
On Roads and Ihidges?Messrs. Storing, Foster, Laraway,
Kobhins, lliggins.
O" Public Lands?Messrs. E. C. Church, Kelly, Winslow.
Green, McKie.
On Stale's Ptisons?Messrs. Wier, Palmer, Pentz, Smiley,
Ca?e.
On Indian affairs?Metiri. 11. c. Kenyon, Barrow?,Van
Blyck.C'olegrove, Bradley.
On Agriculture?Meaari. Fuller, Hyde, Van Wyck.Vaa
Alatyne, Stone.
On Expiring Ixiws?Menrs. S. E. Church, Stevens, V.
Kenyon. E. G Baldwin, Smith.
On Chari'ailt and Religious Sacictiei?Messrs. Stetson,
B K. Wells, Spencer, Beach, Starr.
On Expenditures in the Executive Department?Mrssrs
Swackhamer, Lawtou, Van Alstine, Powell, Harpur.
On the E'penditures of the Ossemliy?Messrs. Caryl,
Laraway, Dix, K. C. Church, Daaa.
Notice -important to mer< hants and~~*u
others sending letters to England by the KO VAL MAIL
STEAMV.rtS from Boston. Mc??rs. Harnden 8c Co. would
respectfully Ktve notice that they do guarantee that all letter*
net ived at tneir office. No. s Wall street. New Vork. ei[> to
the day previous to the departure of tne boat from Boston,
shall he placed in the English mail on board the steamer before
she sails, even in case of accident or detention to the
boats oil the Sound, unless the delay shall be more than twenty-four
hours over the ordinary ruuomg time.
N. B. Messrs. h. kr Co. would also give notice t? their
friends and the public that they do not gne the abure assurance
without power to fultil the same.
d> HARNDEX A CO.
rPHK BRANDRETH PILLS are sold at Ml Broadway.MT
1 Be? ery. 1S5 Hudson street, au 1 ITS Second street, at
cents per bos, with directions
SO- ' ANKEH OF THE MOUTH
Sore mouth from cauker, ulcerated or sorr throat, pain in
the breast bone, are speedily cuied by a few doses of BK VNDRETH'S
PILLS. TSes* unpleasant and paiuiul Complaints
are all cured by purifying the blood.
were first introduced by i)r. Benjamin llraudrtth. into the
United Stales,and he is happy to say that they are still in fit
eor with the American public, and that their reputation it silk
or the increase.
It <* scarcely Tresis;y for Dr Hrandreth to assure his
friends that he co inue* hi* unremitting care ami person*'attention
in the manufacturing department of the Ut.indeth fills t
or that they are entirely free from Chemical or Mineral pre
pAratmii*, these facts bring well known itiid'iiudc .stood to be
an While Mercury and bleeding anil other daleterious reme
(lira are becoming more and more unpopular, the Bramleth fills
are extending the inhere of their usefulness by the appreciation
of a generous public.
BRANDRETH PILLH.
Seen *y to the Patrons of Brandreth's Tills.
NEW LABELS.
The New Lab Is on a single boa of the Genuine Brandrr
h's Pills, contain S063 LETTERS!!!
In colise iueitce of the great aariety of counterfeit labels of
pretended Brandreth's Pills, and w hich, in many instances, so
early resembles, iu onlward appearance, the genuine ol the
old style as often to deceive tre unwa'y, Doctor Brandrrtb,
acting under a sense of duty to the public, lias employed these
Celebrated artists, Messrs. Perkins ami Durand. who navetucC'eded
in | reducing, at great coat, three new labels, from
steel, of estreme difficulty of execution, and ol so Complicated
a nature, as to amount to an impossibility of imitation, beiug
Considered by jud#es e master piece in (he art ut eiicrai ing
The border of the top, and also of the tinder label, is composed
of the most elaborate and chaste patterns of lace work.
To crown the climw of these beautifuf labels, the paper on
which they are printed is preciously printed with Red Ink,
after a design socio,unite aud so minute as to defy competi
?n: the top and the under label each rnntain Ihe words
* BENJAMIN BRANDRETH'S PiLLS," w r it en in red
ink Deirly two hundred times?th? top and under label containing,
therefore, upwards ef five thousaud Utter*
There u,hUo upon tiie t?p, the under, aud the side label, two
lignstwrts of Dr Krandreth: one being his regular signature,
thus?B. Brandreth; sod the oliier his lull xuunture, thus?
Bent innn Bmiidreth; both being fac-similes of the writirgof
Dr- Brsndeth, to imitnte which is forgery!
The Brandreih Tills haxing'bese labels upon them, csu be
retied Tw,on as the true nmi eeuuine.
Dr.BRANDHKTH'8 Piuiciptl (>i&re.2*i Broadway, N.Y;
other otficfs in New York, 167 nudsou street 2T<5 Bowery. and
175 Hec-iid si reel. ?i*20 eod 14t*
NOl U K.?The lirmof BAILLVT WaKD X t O is this
day dissolved by mutual consent. Laurence A. Millandoi
having withdrawn troin it.
fl BAILLV.
By AUG H WARD. Attorney.
AUG it H WARD.
LAURENCE A MILLANDON,
O D. WARD, Jr.
The remaining portuers will comiuue the tuniiotl ii!:d#r ths
runt!ir,r" H. BAII.LY.
By AUG* H. WARD Attorney.
AU'IS U. WARD
O D. WARD Jr.
\, ? > ork, l)T. 31.1841. j! aw*
GLORIOUS WIG VICTORY.
PHAI.ON Ulf of Chatham ^uare, now of ?14 Brni(J?if,
ha? agmo takrn the firtt Premiuin for thr k*?t #f?ou}?D of
WIGS AND SCALPS.
At ONVINt INO proof. it miy wrr wauling that natirs
ingenuity in Kprn iUnt bef,,r? f. rngn toasting and humhug.
a* ftis opinion o'" three ol ike o <!f?t and b?st judg-s is
th<- prolsaeisti in New Y?rk can tevtilv. Tin* public can now
judgr from the premiums. vie. the silver medal Isal rear, and
ths Ant premium n? ird'd by the Amtnciu Institute,
who i* or la nut the beat Wig m<k<r. K rhalou respectfully
iprites ill judge* ?i,d wearer. In esamne hia premiu n impro
veil (roaiauur Wig, which, for surpassing tlcganua. class re
aemhUnr* to nature and besuty I ie< runica! structure may
be regarded an i lie uf the greatest maalar pieces ul art avef
pn duced in the w arid
V B.?This .plendid wig weighs little over half an entice,
the lighten ever known.
Manufacturer and proprietor of Hn'ou'sceleSrsied
ANTI DANDRUFF,
for 'emoting the dander completely from the head and a tk'P
ough cleaner ?l the aurface awl hair of the head, but leavre
gloee) awl silky appearance to the IIAJH
Observe, none la gtuume unltaa signed hv ire in ink.
KIWARD Pll ALO*-.
App'ied o*j the premises fnrMeeit. d!S 'u.*
t "NlTl'.O !*Pa I'Kv fiotf *. - I ne under-i.n-il git.a u.i
G lite to the pub'ic that the Unit d Sta r* Hotel, f'>nuerlj t
kettbv Darid Uorrnnce. K?(j aidwhiah h :a h-ei, * ,sed lor
upwsrlisftwo ' uiha.h-e b?m pat in complete aider, every
part ol the > itenaire t milling having b -n ev poi- j to thorsugu
etaminatinn. and ni rt|auce liaa been spared u> make every
roo such as wi old be egrreihle to the irngt faaliitimu. The
ha'I has Iwen laid in Italian marble. The furniture on fi?.
tu r? of ihs buuae are entirely new?<-irpete.chan bedetea<le.
He. aid are of ? kind inited to the high character that n totes
>d 'h a favorite house should sustain I'he arrangements
are ?uch t '?t families or iit.g e persons may have accommodati
in. e.jusl to those in a price's house The terriers of os# ol
the beet cooks ie the country his been secured fhe tuppy of
tlie lard, r shall be otnpleli , and the g-neial arr ngeuieuts of
the rstabtishrrent aueh as to compete wi h those ol any hotel
in Hie United States, without ssception.
I ain happy to announce that I hare male an arrangement
w.th Mr Alosso Reed, the late well known proprietor ol' (lis
Waverly House. New York to aid and aesiit in the management
of the hoses, whose undivided attention, wttk tbst sfsjsslf,
will he devoted to the m sistssanee of the high respeeubilitywfthis
establishment
The li'si sd SUlis Hotel will bs opes for the |rscspti >n of
visiters and boarders on Monday, ths ;?lb ???t.
jttlm ' irfOMAI C. HfcA.mT\V vork herald.
New York, Tu.*?l?y, January II, 1814.
New Vork L.niiret-No. II.
The xecor.d number o( this popular medical journal
was issued on Saturday morning. It contains a
continuation of the able review of Dr. Mott's famous
Ltcturn on Surgery; selections irom the clinical
lectures of Professor Y?lpeau, at the Hospital of La
Chartc, in Paris; review# ot new medical works ;
editorial articieg on the application of a Iree press to
-*ne med.cal profession ; the triumph of surgery '<
no :. al schools of New York, \*c. ; reports ot the
<6urgieal Clinique, the Lye Infirmary, Ate., and interesting
c .-ws from the foreign journals ; m.scellaneous
intelligence, Arc. Arc. Price per annum, in advance.
Single copies t?i cent.-.
Htw York Lancet In lloatoii.
Persons wishing to subscrike to the "New York Lancet,-;
in Boston, will please h ave their names and address
?t the ortie of the Herald, No.8 State street, whore ?in
git copies will ul?o be for sale. REDDINO, Asint,
8 State street. Boston.
0O The I'oLt.en Weekly, published this morning
at nine o'clock, will contain the conclusion of the
K-v Mr Van Zandt'etrial?price two cents.
A?< omitting Intelligence front Washington
-ltrprsl of the Bankrupt Lnw ? Another
Revolution.
The intelligence from Washington, indicating the
probable repeal of the Bankrupt Law, has created a
gTeater sensation in this metropolis than any event
that has taken place in Congress, sinee the vetoes of
the Extra Session.
* The suddenness of the movement in the llouse of
Representatives, and the defection of the Kentucky
and other delegations, have created a great exasperation
of feeling among the friendsot Mr. Clay here.
^ Some aiietige that it is a trick to " head offCapt. Tyler,"
and provoke another veto?some that the repeal
is proposed as L punishment, because the lukewarm
whigs did not vute and save the party last year?some
that th?* state banks are at the bottom of the movement,
with a secret fund of $1,000,000, in order to
secure theni from its operation on their assets,which
would cause a general explosion,wreck, or suspension
of specie payments in the northern states before the
middle of July next.
This topic promises to he a matter of intense
agitation and excitement before the week is overOur
own personal interest in the question is nothing
at an. we nave always conuucteu our onsinesa on
cash principles?and no bankrupt law?repealed or
in force?can affect our interest to the extent of
a shillinp. Vet there are thousands on thousands
n a different predicament " < iod tempers the
wind to the shorn lamb."
In the short space of one day, the intelligence has
already created the most profound state of excite?
ment. The banks and the large capitalists are den
'unced by the bankrupts in the most furious style.
To the influence of the banks the whole movement
s attributed, in conjunction with the special friends
of Henry Clay. On many questions of men and meaaures,
the repeal of the bankrupt law will produce a
? counter revolution. The very men who, during the
Ex'ra Session, denounced the President as a traitor,
and applauded the burnings in eftigy, are now coming
round, and expressing their convictions that to
him alone?to the hold " Captain of the deck "?
they look as the barrier to the terrible influence of
the state banks and capitalists upon Congress.
The debates in Congress have at length assumed
qiite an interesting and agitating shape. Every day
will bring important news. If the repeal should
pass both houses, as it is expected to do?and as the
agent* of the banks say it will do?then the question
will come up?" Will John Tyler veto it V " Will
he have the moral courage 1" " Will he sland by
the 500,000 unfortunates V' We know not whether
he will or not.
?. We have not yet procured this Cabinet secret.
But if he should come forth with another veto, M e
have nude arrangements to run another Express
from Washington, and to furnish the immortal do\
curnent one day in advance of every other paper in
y New Vork. Look ont for squalls about these days !
Why should not a tremendous PUBLIC MEET'S
1NG be called at once on this subject 1 Move?
M ork?agitate?stir up?go ahead
Postmaster or New York?The "Courier ?.V
Enquirer" and a penny paper, give out the intima
tin? city?and that Mr. Coddington is to be removed
ecause he has not settled with the department lor
he letter box monies.
It the expected removal ol Mr. Coddington is as
accurate a piece of information as the story of the
box money, we do not give great credit to any part
of the atlAir. We assert it as a fact, that the Postmaster
General and Mr. Coddington have settled
the box money matter in the most amicable terms ?
The amount in dispute is deposited, in the name of
John I. Palmer, in the N. Y. Life At Trust Co , and
there it awaits a decision from the proper quarter.
Then again as to the proposed postmaster. Wo
understand that the person alluded to, is a Mr. Lull- ,
Y?rough, or Mr. Loughborough, formerly a member
of a political committee in Wall street. Mr L. may
b? i very worthy man, but we do not think he is
competent to the management of the post otTice. He
* is a proltgt: ofThitrlow Weed and ot several of the
j p.pelayert, and ought never to be appointed to the
post otlicc when there are so many other better nten
t io the wing ranks?nten, too, who never belonged to
the ultra r iijur, nor violently abiiaed the President a*
a traitor, and approved ot burning hisetligy, because
}i-? lion<*?'v exercised lii^ veto power to prevent the
establishment ot another overshadowing money
machine.
Mr. Loughborough has. we understand, the in ?
fluence of John C. Jpencer, but that ,s not sutUcieut
to make him postmaster. Try again
Diitkm amotmithr, Mawci u-tumwo Porn \tiok i
* or Scotl.*sp ?The manufacturing population of
Scotland, has never been in so complete a state of
destitution as now prevails amongst them, la
Pais ey alone, nearly 2."> per cent of the population
are entirely dependent upon gratuitous assistance.
That is freely afforded them by the more benevolent
among their countrymen at home ; but the continued
d stre*s?the increasing numh-rs and the ap,
proaching winter, must render additional aid necessary.
We are, therefore, happy to hear that a private
subscription is at! >at anions the Scotch ot New
York, in their behalf, and we would urge all who
can, not to withhold that a*>istance they would afford
were they in their own Land O'Cakes.
War with Mexico.?The Legislature of Kent
tucky, or rather a part of it, have come out in strong
terms for a w ar with Mexico, for the capture of the
Santa Fe expedition, and murder of several American
citizens Several resolutions to this eflect unan:,
mously passed the lower hiancli on the 1st inst.
The Sot rhek.v Litehari Mc.-?ucer.?Mr White
is preparing a magnificent n-w y irs' treat for Lis
? readers, in one of the larg -st a* i be-t single numbers
that have ever been issued from the Messenger pre e7,1
consequence of an accident the January number
will not appear *tiii the Mth in*t?but when it does
tome, it will be more than half a* large agair. a*
usjal The c nieas will b? unusually rich.
L
P**|prcM of the Medical Revolutlou?Th?
Surgical ( Unique of the Croaby street Msdlcnl
School,
1 tr K eporter attended jrerietday at the Surgical
Cliniifiu which ha-* been recently opened under the
auspices of Professor Pah*** and Gumam, of the
Crosby Street Medical School. About two hundred
practitioners and students were in attendance, and
among t the latter were considerable numbers of the
studcriisofthe NewSchool.who have been so shamefully
deprived ot the only facilities of chrical in
structiou winch that establishment has under its concontrol.
A great variety of interesting cases were
presented. Among them were a case of ulcerated
cornea ; one of scrofulous sarcoma ; a very extraordinary
case ol " milk tumor of the mamma," ol
enormous magnitude; scrofulous abcess of the
mamma ; fracture of the clavicle; club-foot; delortnity
of the arm ; -arcocele; hip-joint disease ; iritisfistula
lachrymalis, N:c- ice- It is scarcely possible
to conceive a greater and more interesting variety of
Surgical diseases Professor Parklr made excellent
practical remarks on the several cases and performed
the operation for lachrymal fistula with great
dexterity, and described a very valuable improvement
which he had made in the instruments used
in this delicate operation The entire proceedings
will however be tally reported in the iMncet on Saturday
next. l>r. Parker appears to be possessed of
great didactic powers, and is quite a favorite with
the students. A great number of patients to whom
the Professor had'not time to attend in the Cliniqut
w ere dismissed to the anti-room.
It is to be hoped tiiat the Council of the University
will take measures for the continuance of the
Surgical Cliniqut, which contributed so largely to
the prosperity of. the New Medical School. It
would he sad injustice to deprive the gentlemanly
and intelligent students of the advantages afforded
by the Cliniqut, for which they have paid. Purely
the sordid and avaricious motives of the "Captain
oi the deck," and the Faculty will not be permitted
to ruin this institution. Will the Council permit
them to jeopardise the School, because they fear
that their designs to rt-stll their lectures, after receiving
thousands of dollars for them from the students,
will be interfered with. If the "Captain of the
deck" should resign, there is amongst us more than
one scientitic'master of " the operations of surgery
with surgical and pathological anatomy" who
could honorably and efficiently fill the chair. We
have Dr. Detmolp, for instance, a gentleman who
has good handr>and a sound head, great mechanical
dexterity and practical tact, combined with scientific
skill and profound philosophical attainments.
L>ut whoever be "Captain of the deck" let the pilot
see that the safety of a valuable vessel be not recklessly
endangered. We hope also, that the enlightened
members of the Legislature will take this
matter into their consideration. General Tallmadge,
the President of the Council of the University,
is, as is well known, a man of enlarge diews
and liberal principles, and we are confident that he
will exert all his influence to secure the rights of the
students and the best interests of science. He will
never permit a public institution, over which he
exercises any control, to be ruined by the caprice of
any individuals.
As for the Ixinert, it is only now encountering the
opposition of the sam fish, monopolising spirit,
that attacked with such violence, the London Lancet?
The Dublin Medical Press, and every other medical
journal which has been established on independent
principles?the same spirit that brands
honest poverty as a crime and lauds griping and
gloating avarice as a virtue?the same spirit that invades
the solemn sanctity of the tomb?rakes up
with a poniard the ashes of the mighty dead?pours
vinegar into the bleeding wounds of relatives and
friends?and stigmatises a too successful rival as
" an ignorant professional adventurer."
The Lev. Mx. Van Zandt?The Conduct of
the Jury.?'The late trial of the Rev.Mr- Van Zandt,
for the seduction of Miss Sophia Murdock, has been
remarkable in every point of view. The plaintiff"
and detendant were remarkable persons?the circumstances
of the seduction were remarkable?the birth
of the child and its crooked linger were remarkable,
and the verdict of the jury was remarkable, and their
subsequent conduct still more remarkable. In addi.
tion to the #3000, the jury have unanimously agreed
to present Miss Sophia Murdock with the full
amount of their pay, in token, as they ?ay, "of their
sympathy for her misfortunes, and of respect for her
conduct as a witness."
This case, it has beeu said, is without a uarallel.
We sincerely hope it is, and that it will ever be so.
Indeed, what an alarming stale of things would be
presented were the contrary the case. Ilere is a
Reverend clergyman?the head of a large and
wealthy and beautiful flock?a leading member of
the Episcopal church?going about seducing the
young single ladies of his flock and kisnng many of
the most beautiful married women therein?or
taking various other liberties with them ; at least >o
it is stated- And it this be true, all that can he said
about it is that he has had the run of a very beautiful
kitchen.
Hut, is it not our duty aud the duty of every one
to inquire seriously into these matters. In the case
of the Rev. Mr. Van Zanck, an isolated one 1)
(which we hope and trust it is,) or is it but a sample
of the conduct of the clergymen of that or any
other denominations- This is a matter that every
lather, brother,and parent should think seriously of,
and see settled to his own satisfaction without losof
time. If other clergymen do do such things,
where is the mischief to stop, and who is to be
trusted 1 Here we all freely allow our wives, our
daughters, to go to places of worship every Sabbath,
and several weekdays, when we are unable to accompany
and protect them, trusting with peaceful
confidence in the honor of the clergyman. And if
they act thus, what under heaven are we to do '
t>ur churches are filled with lovely women. It is
true that it inay be replied to this, that such things
could not be without some one suspecting it; but
whoever suspected the Rev. Van Zandt, until the
situation of his unfortunate victim was seen ? Again
we say, we hope for the best; but we also say again,
that all parents should seriously inquire into this
matter.
New York Sacred Music Society?The Oratorio
ol David and Gohah, composed by the chevalier
Newkomm, especially for Mr- Rraham and
adapted to his style and voice, will be produced this
' evening at the Tabernacle- To the lovers of .-acred
music, n rich bnnquit is ottered in the production of
this Oratorio. Mr- Ilraham enacts the part o! David,
in which he has already acquired undying fame.
Ilia astonishing volatile of voice so singularly adapted
to sacred song, will be heard to advantage this
evening, by the crowded audience his announce,
ment will certainly draw.
Tuc Mrvicu Si iinovtH-.? It is snid that these
vessels will go to sea next Sunday. They may and
may not. Under existing circumstances, we cannot
see how the Collector can permit thein to go.
It is also said that there are no Mexican officer on
board, but that a Mexican and his lady have takeu
passage in one of them. This may be true. Thit
Mexican, however, i-, we understand, attached to
Santa Ana's navy. What ontrol he w'.ll have over
the vessels when they get to tea, is not for us to say.
It is further said that these schooners were not
built expressly for the Mexican government This
also may be true, but we nevertheless <juestion it.
accuracy, for there was a particular order for theii
construction from that government more than si>
mouth* ago.
And then if they are not vessels intended lor im
ni'diat action, why so many guns, and so man)
mcn 1 And why were man-of-war regulations en
forts i I
Air Ti?ht Proves.?They are dangerous article;
On* re n'ly exploded in Nantucket. C*u?e?tnc
r f m n jmowl'-n of ci'btirrT'rd hydmgen
Mr. 5flchola? Blddlr?Hia Past and Prt?tr
Poaltlon.
The position occupied by Mr. Biddle, and his ir
lluence in this country and over the civilized worlc
has b. t-n the nioi-t ri-niarkable and striking that ha
ever br-en known in the annals of this or any othe
country, and his history has been the same.
When Mr. lliddle first became President of th
Bank of the United States, he was a man ot hig
hinor, sound morality, untarnished reputation, an
unlimited credit. His judgment was never que
tion*d?his word was law?and his will was lik
the laws of the Medes and Persians, to those wit
were associated with him in the bank?they altere
it not. Aud up to the time that he and Gen. Jacl
s >n quarrelled, he conductedlthe bank upon soun
and wholesome principles, with unscrupulous fidel
ty to the stockholders?unquestioned talent and ii
tegrtty.ana ootaineu lor 11 a reputation ?uui ai iwm
and abroad, which no institution of tiie kind ev<
enjoyed before in this or any other country, or evi
will again.
But in the year 1829, the tempter entered the it
etitution over which Mr. Biddle presided, in tli
shape of a politician, as his prototype entered th
garden of Eden, in the shape of a serpent. Then
was that, under political influence, working on th
fears of Mr. Biddle in relation to the re-charter <
the bank, began that system of political loans, an
loans to all sorts of persons, without character, cr
dit, or capital, which ultimately resulted in thedowi
fall of the bank, and the ruin of its stockholders.And
these loans, too, were granted under the mi
taken idea of obtaining political influence thereb
to operate favorably in respect to the application ft
a re-charter ot the bank.
The first act of this kind of any magnitude tha
startled the country was a loan made at difl'erent tim<
to theamount of$(52,UOO to James Watson Webb
and Mordecai M. Nouh, proprietors of the "Couri*
and Enquirer," as appears by the records and jou
nalsof Congress. Immediately alter this, other new
paper editors, politicians end political loafers an
drummers, and hangers-on of every.political gradi
thought that they were also entitled to a slice of th
bank loans, and they also made application; firs
from one city and then from another, and then fror
one State after another they all came tumbling int
the vaults of the bank, with open hands and empt
pockets, but were "sent not empty away.** M
Biddle immediately became ike Magnus Apollo <
these people?he was courted, flattered, followtt
sought, and sued?invited here, there and e\erj
where?greeted, feted, feasted, toasted, and laudec
until the very uir was rank with the fulsome flatter
that these creatures heaped upon him. He woscle
vated by thein, in their shallow imaginations, "b?
a little lower than the angels," as all who remeir
ber his celebrated Wall street visit, to "save thi
city," can readily remember.
No w?let us see how the case stands ! Mr. Bit
die has assisted all these politicians to an enormou
extent. There is hardly a politician in the whi
ranks, be he big or little, that has not bad a loan; nc
a whig orator from James Watson Webb, down t
Mordecai M. Noah, and all round the compass tha
has not put his hand in the purse of the U- S. Bank
and taken out as much as he could get in the way c
a loan. And now, when one trouble after anothe
overtakes him, and each succeeding wave rise
higher and higher, there is not a single hand o
voice raised in defence or in favor of this highly ac
complished, intellectual and high-minded man, t
whom they are all indebted. In particular, tjj
"Courier ?fc Enquirer," and the "Express" c
this city, have been the recipients of Mr. Biddle'
bounty and the favors of the U. S- Bank, but not
syllable is uttered by them in defence of their ol
friend. No?they have got ail they could and no*
they would see hint follow the Bank tu destructio
without raising a ringer to save him.
There is no doubt that Mr. Biddle has committe<
errors?many and great ones; but they have al
followed as a matter of necessity from hie ongina
error?and this was his listening to the voice am
council of the politicians as Eve listened to th
voice of the serpent?by which he like her lost hi
purity and high station The real plunderers ot th
United States Bank are the politicians, and if an
one is to be punished, let the axe fall, if possible
upon their necks. Let those suffer who robbed :h
widow and the orphan, in the ruthless manner cue
they did?and who, to advance their own miserabl
schemes, took the gold front the vaults of the bank
and left nothing but their own valueless assets in th
place thereof.
The GirardFusd?Pe.vnsyi.va.ma Legulatcri
?If we are not much mistaken there is a secret in
tluence at work in this Legislature to operate upo
those members who may be blind to the true intei
ests of themselves and of ihe people. Take the fol
lowing as a specimen. On Saturday morning, Janu
arySth, Mr. Straub offered the following preambl
and resolution:?
Whereas, The munificence of the late Stephen Girar.
of the City of Philadelphia, diJ, among other things, b<
ipieuth a large sumof money and property for theerectio
ol a College and to deli a\ the expenses of '.ha educatio
ol orphan children, and w herean. he particularly enjoir
ed upon the Mayor, Aldermen and citizens of Fhiladci
phia that they should render a detailed account annaall
to the Legislature of thecommonwealth ofPennsy Ivanu
at the commencement ol each session, concerning th
bequeathed estate, and the investment, and the applic.
tun of the same?also, to report in like manner the stai
of the College?and whereas the present Legislatur
having received no re;>ort as directed?therelore, he it
Resolved, That a special committee be appointci
whose duty it shall beto investigate the proceedings an
accounts of the said Mayor and Aldermen, in accor.
nnce with said will an 1 testament, relative to the sai
hpmusts ui.1 that thev have nuxsr tn it.n.1 Inr r.?"snn
and papers.
As soon as this resolution was offered, a democri
tic member, Mr. Wright, from Luzerne, made a in<
lion to postpone, and all the whigs voted tor t!i
postponement, Messr-. Crab and Morri* opposiri
even an investigation.
We shall keep an argus eye upon all these niovi
m^ntsSix
Day* Eattr from Br?The Hortenti
from Rio, reached Baltimore last Saturday, tri
has brought advices to th? 3 ?:h of Mov.
There was no political news of consequence. N
thing favorable from La Plata.
The stock of flour continued large, with no in
provement in the demand or price. There was
small advance, probably about 5o rs. in the price
coffee. Exchange remained at 3o a old.
The frigate Potomac and ships of war Mario
Concord, and Decatur, were at llio.
Earthquake iv Missouri !?According to the S
Louis New lira and Republican, there wasaaeve:
shock of an earthquake felt in thai city on the nig
ofthc 27ih ult. All the beds and doers tremble
considerably. There was a slight shock here on il
same night.
Latest from Floriov ?We have recc.ved ad>
ces from East Florida 'o the 2Mh uit.
The news from the everglade expedition is of
discouraging nature ; as >et all that has been a
complished :? the destruction of a tew un.nhabi'.i
Indian towns.
We do not, however, despair. Our callant trooj
are up to their arm? in mud if not glory, and th<
will not leave the low gr.t-s until they have wo
offtheir toe nails. Col Kiev's expedition, whit
left Pilatka on the 24ih ultimo, has returned, at!
one of the most harrassing and fatiguing scouts th
have ever taken place in Florida.
He w ent as far south as Fort Pierce, on Indian R
vr, crossing on his way the southern outlet of ti
famous swamp Al-pat-i o-kas. In his ret ltn 1
scouted the country between the St. John's and tl
Atlantic, as far north a? Pellicier's creek, and theni
to Pilatka. The whole country was under ? ?>
i and a* a matter of cour.-e, his command ars ail nij
r u<ed up. It is said, that no foot troops have ev
b?f?re been over the same conntry Lieut? M
1 Nt. t'anby and Sully d?.e.?!i:;u??.'-d tn
di'ion.
. Coiiif .my K, 2d inian ry, under T.ieut.* A butt
is i nt ''Hu ?uit of the en'iny <=aid to hav? be<
seen in the neighborhood of Mandarin.
JrincE is N?.? Jr.R?ry '?William Roberta w
tri< d n Hudson County Court, N- 0. for a rape <
. Mary Ann Toc le, on iho 25.h of July laat, ard ?i
f iad ^ail'v, though r'.comit ended to meray T1
' s r.W.c Of !bc Court * "> , r? -oiitnrv , < ' '
mm* n 'he ?'afe lVi'ou
t litcturr of Ch?rlri H. Delavan last evening
on Temperance, nt the N. Y. Society LI- i
I* bra r jr. <
I, Thie was a truly splendid affair; *he house was
us crow ded to excess with ladies and gentlemen of the
r very highest circles; the orator wa9 in one of his
happiest moods; and* the whole passed off with |
e great tcltd, and unbounded applause. It would be in i
n vain even for the human imagination to do adequate 1
d justice to .this magnificent display ol' Demosthenian
s- eloquence, and Johnsonian argument. And even if
* it could be reported verbatim, still the Cicioronian
o style, the tuariler in modo, would all be lost upon ]
d the untortuate reader. We are persuaded there is
t- not a man'who heard that lecture who will ever \
d again defile himself with even the smell of alcoholic j
drinks. The following is a very brief synopsis of
>' the lecture?a mere skeleton; the filling up?the i
ie clothing?the garniture?the embellishments?the 1
rr tlesh and blood, the life, soul, and spirit of the
*r oration, we must of course be compelled to omit.
After a magnificent exordium, the orator said he
1- should confine himself to four pleas for total abstiie
nence from alcoholic stimulants. (Cheers)
1. Economy and prudence?Except gambling,
. there is no more certain way to dissipate wealth,
" than to indulge in the use of alcoholic stimulants,
te No man has a right to waste his surplus wealth in
0f sensual and vicious indulgences. (Cheers )
, 2 The advantages of lite and health?Sana mttu
must be in corpore ?ano Order is heaven's first
f" law. Strange that a harp of a thousand strings
n- should keep in tune so long. Keep the head cool,
_ and lead a regular life. Murders and suicides are
rapidly increasing. AH in consequence of strong
?" drink. (Cheers.)
y 3, The Laws of Dicorum- Although dt gusti>r
bus turn diipulandum, yet the orator said he never
knew a woman who fancied the breath of rum
drinkers. Married life is not only agreeable but ne't
cessary (cheers ) But some ot my audience will
?s probably say toine, " Physician, heal thyself." The
, orator is a tall and remarkably handsome unmarried
* young man ] To this I reply, the physician is not
;r always required to swallow his own medicine ?
r- [This comparison of a wife to a dose of medicine
a- produced tremendous applause.]
J 4. Patriotic benevolence. Lnder this head the
orator alluded to commerce, shipwrecks, lots of
?> steamboats on our western waters, and so forth?
e with ,the astounding assertion that nine-tenths of
t the lose of all this life and property, is from ardent
spirits.
11 The orator's peroration was highly grandiloquent,
o but we must simply conclude with requesting our
y readers by no means to fail of hearing Mr. Delavan
r the next time he lectures.
Latest from Albany.
[Correspondence of the Herald.]
' Aliahy, Friday, Jan. 7ib, 1842.
!> Business does not as yet accumulate very rapidly,
y and petitions come iu rather slowly. In the Senate,
to-day, a petition was presented by Mr. Franklin,
it of dealers in lumber, praying for an alteration in the
i- inspection law. Mr. Franklin also presented a
3 most important resolution, in relation to public credit
and the repudiation of State debts, which purposes
1- to take very lugh ground on this subject. It i8
is worded as follows:?
g Whereas, it is equally the duty of States, as of individuals,
to maintain inviolate their faith and credit, and
upen no occasion to repudiate or set at nought a just and
o legal contract, but to uphold by every means in their
Lt power, that degree of honor and integrity, in reference
to their pecuniary obligations, which will enable them
at all times to command the confidence of those to whom
>f they now are, or hereafter may become indebted. And
whereas, in consequence of the excitement and alarm
r which now so generally prevail in reference to the i
s plighted faith of aome of our States, in consequence of i
the action of their legislature* in relation thereto, it it |
right and proper that an expreaaion should be had in re:
latiou to the obligations which have been entered into
0 by this State, Therefore,
Resolvtd, if the Assembly concur, That we hold the '
P pecuniary obligations of the State of New York of ao I
>f sacred and binding a character, that we will by every I
means in our power, maintain and uphold them, and i
8 under no circumstances suiter or permit the confidence i
a which has been reposed in our plighted faith, to be in |
1 the least degree injured or impaired, but hold ourselves
responsible at all times, and under all circumstances, to
v carry out and maintain the legal obligations which we
n hare contracted, and faithfully to redeem the loans 1
which have been or may be made upon the faith and '
credit of our State. 1
i The resolution being a joint one, will lie over for !
1 one day. 1 am inclined to believe that it will, modi- |
.1 tied in some manner, no doubt be adopted. The
d locofocoa here are not radical enough as yet to go to '
e as great lengths as the Mississippi repudiators
s Considerable debate was had on the reference of
e a petition asking for aid to the New York and Erie
y Railroad, but it amounted to nothing, except as far
, as it may be considered as evincing the feeling of the
e majority on the subject. The bill repealing the law
it in relation to bank receivers, came in engrossed for
e a third reading, and a lengthened debate ensued
, thereon, but the Senate adjourned without taking
e the question.
Mr. Cratfikld, the new Speaker of the House, is
winning golden opinions bv the dignified and im
:. partial manner in which he discharges his duties
i- lie is a line looking man, and is firm and decisive in
n his decisions. Since his elevation to the Speaker's
r- chair, even his most violent political enemies begin
|. to regard hitn with more favor,
i- Mr O'Scluvaw was sworn in to-day, and took
e his seat. Every member of both Houses is now
present, a most unusual circumstance.
1, Col. Young is spoken of for the post of Secretary
' of State. He is a whole team, and the ultra loco*
n focos will go in strong for him. Besides, he is too
>- independent to suffer himself to be trammelled by
'* any clique, and being aware ot tins, the anti-regency
T portion of the party cannot object to him.
' In the Assembly to-day, but little real butinett was
,e transacted. The New York members have taken a
e very active part in the debate. From the debate tou
day, Mr. Simmons, of Emvx, may be considered as
the leader of the whigs in the House. He js an old
1, member, having been here two or three sese.ons,
d and is a pretty surewd, talented man.
The Governor showed himself in the House, and
was received with great attentions by the members.
" llis small potntoe Excellency looks as smiling as
ever. I lis stay was very short.
l" Mr Kelly gave notice of an intention to intro>
duce a bill changing the mode of appointing bank
ie commissioners, by giving tne same to the Legislate
'"re.
Mr- Me Mi kkay gave notice of an intention to introduce
a bill for the better adminiuratioa of oaths
in certain cases.
Mr. O'Scllivan gave notice of his intention to introduce
three bills, one for the more simple and
? speedy administration of justice in courts of com'
moo law : for the more speedy and simple adiimiisie
tration of justice in courts of equity ; to simplify indictments.
.... 1
o- Mr- Loomis gave notice of his intention to introduce
a concurrent resolution to amend the Constitution
so as to guard ayainst the improvident crearl"
uon of State debts This is the same, no doubt, ina
troduced by him last winter, which pro|?osed tosub0
nut every subject, every pi. jeri, tor an addition to
tne State debt, directly belore ilie people.
I vt. .: c - i? :?-i?
i iwn mtnu jja?c nwiitc m <t mw rcjimiiik me
' Slate Printer to publish a weekly paper, containing
all the advertisements and law# required to be published
in the State paper,
it. Mr Davezac seized an opportunity to evince hi#
re high regard lor his old commander to day, by offering
the following preamble and revolution
Whereas, The salutary energy of fien. Jackson at
d New Orleans, during the campaign* o| 1814 and HIS,
,e have repeatedly received the approbation ol the Ameri
can people. And whereat, Congress. on the l.'ith day ol
Kebruary, 1H1A, voted thanks to that illustrious citizen,
for his gallantry and good conduct at New Orleans, and
,-j. directed a gold medal to be struck and presented to him,
in testimony of the high seuse entertained by Congress,
of events s? memorable, and sei vices so eminent,
a gResolved, therefore, (the Senate concurring,) That
iC- our Senators and Ileprerentatives in Congress, be
t(j earnestly requested to use their best etforta to procure
the passage of a law directing that the fine ol on?
thousand dollars, jm|>vKed on limrral Jackson by Do'
. minirk A. Hail, then Judge ol the failed States, lor the
"Y district of Louisiana for an alb g. d contempt of his authorn
rity.andby him paid into the hands of the Marshal of
:h said District, be refunded to Andrew Jackson, with
er costs and interest on the same, lrom the day of the
at payment thereof.
Mr. DsvrzAi said that he should add nothing now
- but to-morrow, the 27ih anniver#.iry of the glorious
ie battle of New Orleans, lie should, he trusted, have
ic the nonor tostate the ground* on which he wasconte
tent to rest the resolution. I was laid on the
ce table until to-morrow.
r? Mr Weir introduced a bill concerning mechanictl
labor in Sute Prisons, which was read and referpr
red to the appropriate committee. It proposes to
c* discontinue the teaching of trades to the convicts,
*' and employing them iu quarrying stone, and in
winiug. Considerable debate ensued on a motion
to print, and the printing was ordered
;n A dash was made at the State Printer to-day by
the adopt on of the following resolution:?
Resolved, That no docum-nt, report, bill, resolution,
88 oi any other thing, bp prrsentril v itliout the specisl or
in ler ol the House, or the direction ol the committee on
puhhe printing, (exeept such h* the law provides,! until
p the further order of ths lloase.
p. A v?ry foolish move. ag> e vjr. p,: d n pi.ntng
will be lost m time ?p*n: a motions to print
????????Mgg?
It is, however, but a temporary povision, until the
committee en public printing tn-ill pre-ent a report
un the subject. Cave Ulcucar.
Albasv, Jan. 8, 1>42.
This lias been the busiest day et the session, or
rather the honorable body have set longer io-?lay,
for as for the amount ot bu.\ims* done that is another
matter. In the House, at any rate, a greater part of
the time was spent in useless, indeed, frivolous and
idle eonvervMinn on maM??ru *?mialli/ frivnlmifl unrf
idle. In the Senate, la long debate ensued on the
law in relation to the appointment of Bank Receivers,
in which Messrs. Foster, Root, and Paige,
took the most prominent part. The worst of it is,
that the two last gentlemen are always getting in
personalities, and exhaust each others' copious vocabulary
of abuse in bespattering one nnotlier- Mr.
Frabelin'* resolution was takeu upon, but no action
had on it.
In the Assembly, a great many visiters, a large
portion ol whom were ladies, (among whom 1 noticed
the mother and sister of Mr. 0'i?ullivan,) t-ttended
in expectation of hearing Major Davezac
speak on his resolution offered yesterday in relatiou
to General Jackson. It was expected that the glorious
battle ol New Orleans would be fought over
again, but the expectant.- were disappointed When
the question caine up for consideration, Mr. Davezac
asked for the postponement of the matter until Monday,
as he was indisposed, and he telt it increasingWhen
it does come up, no doubt we shall have a
most interesting sp'-tch, as I observed the honorable
gentleman to-day coming from the library with an
armiul ol books, in which he will doubtless find
ample resources to fortify his position.
Full an hour was occupied to-day in a discussion
of the expediency of appointing an assistant doorkeeper.
Last winter, in altering the Assembly
chamber, an additional door was opened, thereby
rendering it necessary to have another doorkeeper.
Previous to this, two doorkeepers were all that had
been required. Mr. Hoffman, among his other projects
el retrenchment and reform, on Tuesday last,
when the appointment of officers of the House were
made, moved to lay the resolution appointing Mr
Pliny H. Bromley to that post, on the table, or he
would be compelled to vote against it, as he thought
a third doorkeeper unnecessary; but if one must be
appointed, he would rather have a naiJ. There is a
great deal of noise and contusion produced in the
ack part of the House by unnecessary con versation,
and passing and repassing among the visiters and
strangers, so much so as to render it impossible for
those members who sit in that part of the house to
hear what is going on. Mr. Swackhamer, who is
one of the unfortunates, moved U)-day that the second
assistant doorkeeper be appointed, and made a
piteous and moving appeal to the compassion of the
House. Mr. Hoftmar would not relent,and in some
remarks he made, administered a severe and cutting
rebuke to that numerous body of legislators, known
as lobby members, who, he said, by their delibera
lions, caused all the confusion and noise. A considerable
debate then ensued, some gentlemen being
in favor of having a boy appointed to look after the
door, as that would tend to save expense. After a
considerable time thus spent, Mr. O'Svlmvaw
rose and remarked, that he thought it was rather
small business for the Legislature of the State
of New York to be spending so much time upon
so paltry a question as this. He hoped he was second
to no gentleman on the thor in favor of retrenchment
and reform; but he thought this was
not a fit subject. He thought if the members of the
House would do away with the practice of charging
8'3 for every 20 miles of travel, allowed them many
years ago whenthefacilitiesof travel were as nothing
compared with the present time, and charge to the
State only the actual expense of travel, the saving
thereby elfected, would more than balance the expense
of a door-keeper. The result was that Mr.
Bromley was appointed, there being 58 nays, Mr.
Hoffman among ihem. The House went into Committee
of the whole on the Governor's Message.
Several messages were received from the Governor
submitting resolutions ol different States in reference
to the controversy with Virginia and the Tariff question.
George P. Barker, of Buffalo is spoken of for
the post of Attorney General. He is a talented and
very popular man, and if any thing, is rather favorable
to the regency. At any rate he was strongly interested
in the Bank transactions of the old clique,
and was sent to the Assembly a few years since from
the strong whig county of Erie, in order to procure
the chartering of one of the Buffalo?the City Bauk
[ think.
Johk L. Wekdell, the late state reporter, is out
in an article of a column and a half of the Journal,
an the subject of his recent removal. He says he
was removed on account of his refusing to submit to
regency exactions of money for election purposes
The " Monster." as the ultra's call the regeney. must
be careful, or they will get themselvea in hot water.
Many of the Western presses are raising their voices
against any dietatton from that source, and this is
indicative of the state of feeling in that region.
The Senate to-day removed their old officers, and
appointed in their stead those nominated by the
caucus on Monday night. Mr. Cole, the new Clerk
of the Assembly, acquits himseil very creditably thus
far, and as fur as 1 have observed gives general
satislaclion. Cave UlckcaR.
Macon.
ICori eepoudcuce of the Herald.]
Macon, January 1st, 1842.
Tremendous Election Rows?The BaUot-Box Seized
and Smashed by Armed Men,and the Devil to 1'ay?
Frightful Stale of Society?The Monroe Railroad
Bank?President Griffin in Trouble.
James Gordon Bennett, Esq. :?
Sir?After wishing you a happy New Year, permit
me to inform you how we have commenced the
new year in this place. Being a speculating people,
we are always ready to die of ennui when cotton is
dull. But as a relief for this, we have some among
us who are ready to raise a row or tale of scandal.
This day they have had it to their heart's content.
An outrage has been committed at the polls heretofore
unheard of among us. An election was being
held for city ofiieers and council, in which great
warmth was displayed throughout the day on bo'h
6ides. Just as the polls were closed, the window,
at which the votes were received, were dashed in,
and four desperadoes rushed in and presenting cocked
pistols at the breasts ol the presiding ofiieers,
snatched away the ballot-box and carried it out
through the hall into the square and dashed it to
fiieces?scattering the votes to the four winds of
leaven. All this was done in the face of live liuu
dred people, and done by a set of men who have no
interest he-e, or any where else, this side of hell,
w ho are the oll'scouring of ail things. It is believed
they were set on Dy of one of the candidates lor Marshall,
who had u prospeel of being defeated. Two
have been arrested, and bound over for appearance
at the Supreme Court, to be held next May?the
other two left town immediately. The city is in a
perlect uproar. Every man takes his trusty cane,
and whenever a harsh word is spoken, the onunous
click of a dozen hair triggers may be heardOn
Monday next we are to hold an election for
three members of Congress, when the company of
Macon Volunteers are to stand on the ground during
the day, which will be the case in all future elec
tions.
It has also been ascertained to-day that one of the
Monroe Railroad Bank people, at this place, ha? been
running cfl' his negroes to save them from being
levied on lor the debts of the bank?a large amount
of which he is bound for personally. Tins also
creates great excitement?the result of which, as
well as of the elections, 1 will keep you duly informed
ef. As the mail is about closing, I must close too.
My respects to Ae Jeune Ediltur, and may you
have complete success in your great enterprise
through uil the coming year.
City Intelligence.
Bcrglarvaxd Giiand Larceny.?The store of
John Assler, No. 14!) Leonard street, was entered
on the nialit ot the !)th instant, and clothing, consisting
of II pilot coats, and 14 pair of pantaloons,
valued at $125, was stolen. Two colored men,
named Joseph Lawrence and Stephen Lockman,
were arrested yesterday, having sold four of the
coats to Mr. McQuade, ol No- 32i Chatham street.
They were fully committed.
SrtAUsa Golu asd Silver.?A man named
Bernard Scureman, w as arrested yesterday for s;e?l
ing two five dollar gold pieces and a live-franc piece
from Carson Waggeman, corner of Water street and
Coenties slip, on the 10th instant. The| five-franc
piece was found on his person,and upon examination
was fully committed.
*Mk. Reynolds lias called upon us to contrufict
the* sUtem ut made in Saturday's paper, headed
"Foxes, alias Reynolds^ will get caught." II"
states the facts thus He was not on duty th?
time, lie was simply passing Sinclair's house, and
went in to get something to drink, and S tout lum
he could not have it. II asked Inni the reason, e nd
S. said that while he had been away that R.
had been there with his wife. ii. replied ilia' was
nil fancy, nnd then said?" If you will not allow ine
any thing to drink, will you allow me to light a cigar
T"' whereupon, S. immediately went to the
aoor and called Hie watch. The watchman came,
and then S raised the shovel and attempted to
strike K. S told the watch that It. had struck him
and requested the watch to take R. to the watch
house The watchman took H. tothe watch house.
Tlw; next morning S. mnde complaint of It at th
Lo'ice (>(Ti"e lor assault and battery, and It. was
held to bail in JgSlfti It. says he was not caught
with S? s wife,'nor any approach to it. :
1
POSTSCRI P~T. !
Baltimore.
ICorrespsndence of the Hstald ]
Baltimore, Jan 10,1812?9 A. M.
Mr. Editor :?
There is nothing new to-day. Yesterday proved
to be one of the mildest and most beautiful daya I
ever exp'rienced for this season of th?? y-p.r Our
city was thrown somewhat into sadness at the funeral
of Mr. H. W. Dittinore, one of the defenders of
North Point during the late war. The Independent
Dues, with a large number of the deceased's venerable
fellow soldiers, followed his body to its long
resting place.
I am happy to inform you, that Captain Parrieh, of
the Pocahontas, is getting better
(>ur Legislature did not transact any bus.ness on
Saturday. At preseut it is raining. Yonrt,
Twist, 1
PHIladcliiblu. I
LCorrespoadcaee of tiie Herald. |
Philadelphia, Jan. 10, 1842, P. M.
This day has been all that yesterday was not? - '
that was clear, calm and warm as dimmer. Thia'
accompanied with rain, hail, sleetandcnow Of
couise but littl* is transpiring out door*.
The Reading Railroad Company, with invited
friend*, dine to-day at the Washington House, in
Chesnut street. The grand parade will come of
to-morrow. Two hundred and fifty tens of coal
will be brought into the city, oif the entry #f the
procession, as an eiwneat of what the company is
capable. The coal, too, was all mined since Friday
moraing. This looks well.
I regret to inform yon, for every body loved the
facetious, good old man, that the Hon. Judge Joseph
Hopkinson died, of the sudden attack with
which he was seiz-d on Friday, this morning, at a
little after ten o'clock. He has long occupied a
seat upoD the bench of our Supreme Court, and ae
man ever filled the pest with more ability, uprightness
or satisfaction to the commaniiy. It was
bat yesterday week that he assisted in bearing to
his grave, his companion aud friend, the lamented
philanthropist, John Vaughan, Judge Hopkinson
was a member of the old federal party?the name
nor the principle* of which lie never sought to
evade. He has been but little in modern polities*
though he was an able and eloquent member of the
late reform convention to amend the Constitution of
this State. He used facetiously to remark,on seeing'
others, in the face of popular clamor, seeking to
skulk the name of federalist, that he was the residuary
legatee of the once popular distinction.?
During the sitting of the Convention, he always
took the federal side ofevery question. Popular clamor
had no terrors for him. His patriotism bad long
since reached the hearts of his countrymen through
the popular National Air, " Hdil Columbia," of
wuigii nc itm iuc gimu auiuur. uur ciij uiuurnt
a great, good man. Feace to his ashes.
The following somewhat singular case was determined
in our Orphan's Court on Saturday, after a
trial la&ting over two weeks. As one of the par.ies
belongs to y?ur citv, I furnish you this briei note
of it.
The parties are l>avid Sears, a lawyer of New
York, plaintiff, and the widow of the late Captain
William Day oi this city, defendant. The issue ia
raised upon a petition presented to the Court by a
number of ladies residing iiiNew York, who claim
to be the relatives of the late Captain Day, and ask
a distribution of his property among them as hia
heirs. Mr. Sears purchased tbe claims of thee*
ladies, and of course takes their place as plaintiff.
The defendant denies that the claimants are or
were in any way related to her deceased husband,
and upon this iaaue both parties produced considerable
testimony. Tbe claimants are of a respectable
family, of Albany, New York, by the name of
McCready, and claim to be sisters i f the deceased
Captain Day. Sometime between the years 1790
and 1800 their brother William MeCreadj left home
and was not heard of for many years. (Yhen he
did return, he introduced himself by the came of
William Day, and by this name be was known te
the family in the early part of the present century.'*
The precise period of bis absence is a matter of
dispute. The fact of a change of name being thus
clearly established, the claimants insist that their
brother William McCready, alias William Day,,
was the identical Captaia YViilinm Day, who was d
married to the defendant, and who died intestate, 1
or without making a will, in IS3C, evlzed Of certain ]
property. That the claimants maintained a friend- "
ly intercourse with the veritable Captain Tjay, for
some fifteen or twenty years before his death, is r .
noi uispuiea, sua me laaies also contend tnut inr
this intercourse they were recognised, in public
and in private, as his sisters, both bj inm and
the present defendant, his wife, and were regarded
as such bj a large circle of acquaintances.?
They account for the change of their brother's
name, by rH'ging that he altered it while at sea,
to avoid being pressed by British cruisers as a
Scotchman,, the name of L)ay, being as they ?y,
more American than that of McCready.
On the other hand Mrs. Day, the defendant, contends
that, although the claimants certainly had a
brother who left home and changed his name, as
they state, yet the Captain Day to whom she wan
married, and who died, seized of the property eontended
for, was not that individual. She also urges
that daring the lifetime of her husband, and even
up to the period when this suit was < ommeuced, the
petitioners never made a claim of kindred 10 him,
nor were they ever recognized as relatives by him
or by herself. She likewise aiscrts the: her husband
lived and acted tinder the belief that he had
no other relative but herself, and that his taraiaca
would inure t 1 her benefit afirr his death, and she
concludes by asserting that hit name was always
Day and never McCready; that William McCreadr j
alias Day, was born nine years before her husband.,
and when young was a clerk in a grocery store, aa?
subsequently a spinning whe 1 maker in Albany1,
but being of a remarkably t'lin frame and feeble
constitution, he left this employ inent and became a
schoolmaster. Her husband, she says, on the cob- 0
trary, was a robust man, and followed the s-a from
the time he was nine years old until his death; and
she gives many traits of character peculiar to each- ' 1
of the William Days, which would seem to estab- ,
hsh beyond doubt that the brother of the elaimaatsand
her husband were distinct persons.
The testimony on both sides was contradictory
in the extreme. The case is a peculiar one in every
respect, and shows how dillicult it may be for ibib
to prove who are his kindred, when others are interested
in opposing his testimony. One of the
most singular features in the case if, t hat the presiding
judec was well acquainted with the Captain 1
William Day, who resided in Souihwark for nearly
half a century. The case has been tried twice before,
the first resulting in a verdict lor the widow,,
and the second in a disagreement by the jury. A
great deal of additional testimony has since beenobtained
by both parties, which has given thecaao
an entirely new aspect. The Jury rendered their
verdict on Saturday in favor of plaintitfs?-thoe* <
claiming to be the heirs.
The robbers of the Western mail, between thia
city and Lancaster, on Satu day night,hare not jyet
been discovered. The pouches for Lancaster,
Yotk, Chambersburgb, and Pittsburgh, were cut
open and completely rifled of their contents The
mails were placed in the baggage car, as usual, at
the corner ol kighlh and I>larket streets, tue door
of which rrai locked with a patent padlock. The
robbery wan not discovered until the arrival of the
ram at Lancaster, at (i o'clock yesterday moruiug. '
It w?a found that tlie padlock and staple of the deer
had been wrenched oil, by diuw 115 the staple out?
the depredation committed, and the staple and her |
placed back in their position fur locking, but th*
padlock was gone. The controls of the lour large
pouches were obtained by cutting them open with
a knife or eome sharp inatrement, and they appear
to bare been cut and slashed without cereru" iy??
These are supposed to have been valuable- In addition
to the mails frrm Ibis city, thev contained
those which arrived by the IJilot line from New
York, and all east. It is supposed the robbery must
have been committed while passing between thai
city and the Inclined Plane, t > which place we understand
the cars are taken liy horses.
The transactions in stocks were light to day at"
prices much the same as on Sa'nrday, except State
Fives, which were I better. Exchange a! ?o fell to
i 0 8.
Thi: SrpntMr. Coh*t.? I his is the dav ii ved by
law for the commencement of the annual term of
the Supreme Court or the United States. Indfleo
McLean. Catron,and McKinley, are, we know, upon
the ground, and we have no doubt that a quorum
of the Court will be prc-e-t to-day Am g the
distinguished members of the Her who wib be in
attendance en the Court, We are aware of the presence
of Air. J. M Clay to-, of Delaware, Mf.
Crittenden, of Kentucky, and Mr. Wall, m New
Jersey, all ex.Senators of the United States.?J\V
Hanoi mtflligrneer, ./mi 10.
GcORciA Ei tenon ?1 lie Savannah Georgian
of the 5th, says of the election in that city: ?The
majority for our Congressional ticker, thougl
small, is gratifying under the circumstances. Alt
the democratic raudidates for e unty officers ate
elected, save one, and lie failed hut by seTeu vot??r
Latest trom Texas.?We are indebted to the
officer, uf the steamship Neptune for Texas papers
to the 21thmat. The Neptnne, w?- are told, made
the run from Galveston to the Balize, in 27 hoars?
the ahortest passage ever vet inade. lh?
The Neptune had been detained at Galveston.for S a
several days, inconsequence of the north winds the
prevailing, causing the Bars to be nearly dry, and
stopping all intercouise between Houston and Galveston.
igt
The steamship New York had arrived at Galveston.
,0B
The Committee of the House of Representatives tioi
appointed to tnakc examinations relative to the atti
Santa Fe expedition, etc., repotted that they had Bai
ascertained that more than .$-400,OtH) had been ex- ?
pended, during the last year, contrary to law; and
this estimate did not include the value of the mili- j,
tary stores, ete , furnished the troops engaged in
this exped'.ion. . . kn<
The expenditures for the Santa Fe expedition Jul
have not the sanction of any law that has ever been Un
?< ami rssnot h? so well defended. The de- ttP
IfenceoFthe President, mule in his late message,
shows the grounds npon which he relies in this itstance
A disposition prevails amaiig the members an|
to pass over this affair, as the President has gone
out or office, and his intentions are so generally ad- the
mitt* 1 to have been pure. int<
The customs will be collected in specie,and the di- Km
rect taxes in the liabilities of the government, as her
heretofore, only the law relative to direct taxation h
will be so modified as to relieve the citizen from
the present oppressive costs and double tax, in Ql- j
case he is unable to pay at the appointed time.? aI|j
President Houston lecomtnends a policy similar this
to this. The retrenchment bill has so reduced the thir
expenses of government, that it is tbonghtthe rev- 11
enue from the customs will be sufficient to defray t
all the expenses of the eiril departments.
The nominations for the new Cabinet are not yet
divulged. It is rumored that Dr. Arson Jones
will be Secretary of State; Colonel Ilockley,Secretary
of War; and K L. Anderson, present Speaker
of the Haute of Representatives, Secretary of the
Treasury; and Judge Terrel, Attorney General.
Acato*?This worthless bandit, with about IS
r 20 ragged followers, Is still on the Nueces, and
the caravans of traders from the Rio Grande arc
kept in constant dread, while on their way to and
from llexar. He is connected with a party of about
40 Mexican soldiers, who rendezvous at Loredo. 1
Twenty of them are commonly with him, and the u
remainder stationed in that town. He generally ST
has spies in Loredo and Kexar, or at the Ranches inti
below that city. These spies give kiin notice in.
whenever a party of traders are leave either B
town, and he is thus enabled to attack them at his 1
leisure.? JV. O. Ceuritr, Dee 31. Th
?? on
Stopped Again?The Bills of the Farmers' sil1
Bank of Orleans are no longer redeemed at their Yo
agency in this city. Th
? Meeting or tiie County Couht.?The County
Court convened in the room of the Board of Alder- ni|
men last evening, in order to act upon the case of ior
Justice Wiley. Judge Ulshoeffer stated, on open- Bai
ing that Court, that the Mayor was absent, from ill boi
health, and after having stated that the resignation thi
of Justice Wiley had been tendered to one of the the
members of the Common Council, presented the do'
following order, which was adopted. a c
"Ordered, That the District Attorney be requested to Me
make such charges as may exist against Willian Wiley, in I
one of the Ward Justices, In order to etfect his removal rer
from otfice oy this Court, unless the necessity of such t
removal is dispensed with by the resignation of sai J Justice
being accepted by the Common Council." Mr
The Court then adjourned to Tuesday next. ea*
the
Cowrt Calendar?Tills Day. Pe,
Circuit Court.?Nos. 72,73, 91, 7, 8, 69, 16,60,37, 39, if t
69, 90,91,34, 33, 31,61, 101,102, 103. {
superior Court ?Nos. 4, 10, 12, 17, 21,23,26,27,28, ?
30, 31,-j 32, 33,34,35, 36, 37,39, 40, 41,42 , 43, 44, 46.47,
48,49,50,51,52. illi
Coust or Common Plk*s.?Nos. 49,54,56, 68, 59, 60,61. cei
2, 63, 64, t>?, 66,310, 26, 57. aal
Church destroyed at Blue Hill.?The cre
Congregational Meeting House in Blue Hill, Me.
was destroyed by fire last Sunday week. Its cor- "
ner stone was laia-15 yeats since by Father Fisher, Per
and the venerable old man lived to see the sanctu- ,a''
ary, where he had ministered forty years, laid cec
waste- 96,
vei
{C7- Chathih Theatri?We take great pleasure in
calling attention_to the splendid variety of entertain
meatt that are offered at this establishment to-night.? Am
Yankee Hill, who last night kept a numerous audience a
, in a continued roar of laughter, appears again this eve- .
ning as Seth Slope, and Hiram Dodge, two of his very aDI
best characters. The beautiful drama of Gaspardo, the roa
Gondolier, or the three Banished Men of Milan, is also an(j
performed, in which Mr. Kirby and Mrs. Thorne sustain
the principal pa rts. As long as the Chatham offers such nev
brilliant talent and attraction as it presented to-night, dei
the mauager may count upon a continuance of crowded OQ i
ktwses. dec
qqk Bowrar Ash-hithxatre.?The new l'ete of the abli
Tonrnament, or the Knights and Ladies of Palestine,was and
well received last night by a fashionable audience. T. .
V. Turner is beyond question the most splendid and ",01
graceful rider in America. His laughable scene of Mon- T
tauceil and his cook Runfast, is altogether a splendid lift
affair, and the mannerin which he manages to hang on
1 his horse when apparently as drunk as a lord," is
perfectly wonderful. The Rivers Family, by their beau- wil
tiful mad perfect classic representations, drew forth the T
most enthusiastic cheers from a delighted auditory. f ,
Mr. Binds n his four horse act, Gardner as the Dying '
1 Moor. Williams and his learned dog, and I'eutland with Tht
hisoriginal comicalities as clown, with numerous other
performances, make this the most diversified entertain- Am
ment in the city, and highly deserving the immense pn- si
tronsge it receives. geC
{ft?- America* Me if cm.?Our readers must bear in
mind that this it the last week of the Indian Warriors
and Squaws, who nightly represent thrir peculiar modes ...
of warfare, huutiug. religious ceremonies, dances, Stc.
Yankee Jenkins, and the Albino Lady also appear. on'
This vast establishment is now undergoing a thorough Jc
renovation. A holt of carpenters, painters, masons, de- ,
corative artists* gasmen, Stc. an daily at woik. The ,
new and spacious hall will toon be opened, and every I'*ot
thing which tact, energy, and money, can command, T
, will be exhibited here for the gratificatio l of the nut.lie. notj
i Mr. Bitnum is determined to make this the pride, as it
l now is an ornament of our city.
1 (17- Ln k on Death.?You that happen to bo troubled ^
| with a slight Cough or Cold, pause for a moment and
, think what may follow. Von may b"so busy,in your avo- ,?l
I cations .to day that jou imagine you have not time for
i inch a purpose ? but recollect th it that very cohl may , e
1 pLce you in the grave before a week. This is uo un- ip
common thiag. Men are about to day, apparently well, ?' '
, with the exc ption of a -light cold?1* nothing more,'' mpn
they say, but the en 1 shows somathiug more?D iath. _ 1
Now you cin he prepared against death from a cold, if
yon will. Have by y oil at all times some of J. I'easc k .
Son's llorehound Candy,use it u hen you feel chilled. Paf'
and cold never sets in. B 'careful and remember this
advice. Sold at the proprietor!', 4i Division street, and
10 Astor Hou.e. jj
Lancaster corxtt B?m.?Ma. Bewvett?In a "bank been
note synopsis,''published in the "Sun" of the iid Dec. read
last.the " Lancaster County Bank" was reported among
the broken banks of Pennsylvania. This is an errone- ?* 11
ous statrment, as that bank is considered one of the with
safest in that State. It was chartered by the Legislature
last spring, with a capital of $300,000, which was
paid in in gold and silt er, and the stockholders were in- Capji
diridually obliged to mortgage real estate, with the com- Capit
misaioaers appointed tor that pnrpose, to three times the p'rS'.
amount of stock taken ; and these mortgages, omanntim ! .
to 11,500,000, are nearly all on tome of the finest farms |nJiv
iti Lancaster county, so that depositor! and note holder! Due
re perfectly fecured. It is the only bank in the State Hue.
' where real estate is pledged.and it nas.from its opening, Sur|''
paid specie for all its liabilities, further information it "'
and my address, can be obtained at thr|H-rald office.
(H7- f>J#OjBOO is the annual incosae of the Duke of
Cornwall, commencing at his birth. How murk more gi
good wonl I that sum do, if appropriated to supply iog the '
sick with Sherman's Lorenges, instead of being squan- :
dered on the young prince layal of England. How ma- iiiiuo
ny hearts would it make glad by restoring to health, as Bank
they always do,tbosa afflicted w. ith coughs, headaches, ''ue,'
or consumption. They sre sold at 10o Nassau street, and ' ,
\ by agents. HO, 373 and 4.Vt Broadway, 1*4 Bowery, an I JJ1 ?^
77 East Broadway, and Redding, H State ?t. Boston. Notn
r I Lots
,w-} wpomtaut ro K smalm.?There it a large clasa
I of temales in tins city who from their continued sitting,
to which their occupations oblige them.aie affi-cted with i Wi
coativeueaa, which gives rise to palpitation at the heart Kent
on the least exertion, aenae of heavinesi]e\tendiug over , anj (
the whole head, intolerance ol light and aound, an inability
ot fixing the attention to any mental operation! ; nien'
rumbling in the bow-el*,s*metimct a sense of suffocation, with
especially after menls when any exertion is used,** going Kent
quickly up stairs, temper fickle ,'hese are symptom'which
yield ?t once to a lew doaesof the Brandreth IMls. Theoc- Slatf
casional use of this medicine would save a dr al of trouble pre pi
and yeara suffering. Oue, or two, or even three of the xb
Brandreth Pilir just before dinner, areofteu found highly sive
beneficial ; many use them very advantageously in this ri>gu,
way ; they a: 1 and assist _digestio t, restore the bowels whir
to s proper condition, enlive*, the spirits, impart clear- COns
neat to the complexion, nurify the blood, ana promote a the C
fnml feeling at health and happiness Bold at llr. ,
raudreth'i ollire, 241 Broadway, nt(3A cents per box. ,i
with full directions. Dr. Brandreth's retnil olfitesare i. ?r.
185 Hui'on street, near Canal?276 Bowery, and 175 /
Second Street. Observe that the lathis on each box ol
the genuine, contains 6063 letters by ar
(W-.Th k Acauian Ciaci ? It is our firm opinion, that ?.j,
aitice the daya ol the citrus Maximus, u here all the w it, folio
talent, genius, lun. frolic,and moials of the ancient Ro- furni
man Empire, used to assemble to wituesslbe >poit'|of mere
the ring, athletic exercises, and equestrian fonts of tha
olden time, that no circus ltns been more crowded and Aft
popular than this new establishment. There we. see all hutio
the dark eyed beauties of the "west end," with their ren)1
ro<y cheeks and smiling fares, applaud the graceful and
extraordinary feats of Mrs. Uullen, the most daring fe- Sh,
mam squastri ,n ol the world. Mr. Stone give* hia lear i? lia
less delineation of savage life, with a power and intrepi- c*t?*
dity perls ctly astounding. The clov. r,.-> nand un> tv slled great
loi ingenuity, fun. jokes.and frolics.and in addition to a f nui
display ra- efy equalled in this city, those two celebrated 'die c<
pugf lists.WoouLull and Donley, will this eveninggive spur!
an exhibition or '.he art of lelf defence. / extrn
MOXBY MARKET. 1
Monday, Jan. lO-tt P. M.
Vj teceutly mentioned the fact that the bonds of
i Planters' Bank of Mississippi, inued to the United
itea Bank, were dishonored, principal and interest,at 1
United States Bank in New York. Theae bonds cie
re made payable to the order of Richard Altop, and on
him endorsed. The pay ment under the endorsement the
iow resisted, because the >n?trumcnt puiports to be a
led one. In order to ahow the nature of the transac. *3o
a, ? e give below a copy of the bond, with the coupon
tched, and the eudorscimnt of the United States mo
ok, as follows:? >3 11
*10'
17ai nvi' TUnraivn nnr r inj ? .... *w..
. .. ... 1uuv0a.1L' wuuuaiva. AU. 1*41. i"'*
NiTtHii, Missistirn. |sw
;>ow ail ?it > uv these rnt so r?. That the PLANT- *101
.b' BANK OK THE STATE OK MISSISSIPPI, ac- **0.
iw ledges itself indebted unto R. AUop, in the just and 55
I sum of One Thousand D.liars, lawful money ol the
ited States, which turn the sjiJ PLANTERS' BANK
THE STATE OK MISSISSIPPI pi onuses te pay to i0?
order of the said K Alsap, on jirit day of Janiaiy, in -25
yearof our Lord one thocsakd riuht hl-rdred ird 5?
ltt-two, with interest at the rate ol ttcen per cent per 'j?
mm, payable semi annually 011 the/ir>t day of January jj
I on the.fbif day of Jwy. in each anil every year, until
payment of the principal of this bond; principal and 35 ]
erest pay able ut the Bank of iht L'nittd SluUt in .Yew it
-Ac?coupons for the payment of the iuteiest being 25
eauto attached. luu
a testimony whereof, the President of said Planters'
ik of the State of Mississippi, hath sigued, and the f,3ll(
hier hath countersigned these presents; and the Board
directors has sauted the seal of the corporation to be Kiot
ted thereto, at the said Bauk, in Natchez, Mississippi, too I
1 iirst day of October, one thousand eight hundred and 45
tv eight. J. C. WILKiNi, President.
. D. MANDEVILLE, Cashier,
he coupon lollows:?
ooe000000000ooooooooooooooooooooooooooeooo tim
^ 5 THIRTY-VIVE DOLLARS ' f
I ' . ) 2 wei
t The Bank or tiii Urited States in ? bus
5 New York, will pay the bearer Thirty- 5 oati
| Kive Dollars, being half yearly interest g
| on Bond No. 1741, due on tho first day of g
o January, 1942.
H. D. MANDEVILLE, Cash'r. 5 T
0 DUI
000000000000000000000000000000000000000 000 n>a
tifti
his bond is endorsed as follows :? at \
Kor value received, the BANK OK THE UNITED lift;
ATES guarantees the paymant of the principal and I
. rest ol the within bond in the manner specified there- bee
J. COWPERTHWA1TE, Cashier. *1-'
Iarr ok the U. 8. Oct. 1st, 1838.eitl
'he bond is further endorsed, " Richard Alsop."?
ese bonds, to the number of 313, fell due as specified, 0f c
the 1st lust, and on application to Jas. hidings, As chi
tant Cashier ofthe Bank of the United States in New
rk, payment was refused, and at the request of J. E.
ayer. protest was made, and natices served on tUe foi- ~
ring persons " Richard AlsopJEsq. Philadelphia
ank of the United States, Philadelphia, PennsylvaJas.
Robertson, Esq., President, and Thos. E. Tay- clt
, Cashier of the U. 9. Bank, Pa.; " The Planters i
ak ofthe State of Mississippi, Natchez, Miss." These jf'1
ids are mostly held in Boston, and when negotiated in \'q
s market, it was understood Mr. Alsop was to receive
i proceeds?he now, however, resists payment as en*
ser, because the bond purports to be sealed, although (
lose observer could discover no seal upon the instru- 5
at: suits were immediately commenced against him are
the United States Court; and as we before stated, the ter
its of the U. 8. Bank building in New York, were at- 5tl('
hed. Since then the farm and other property of Th
. Alsop, in Connecticut, hare been attached. The 1
tern creditors have long enough been harrassed by *tl
i practical repudiation,insolvency and dishonor of j
insylvania, and seem now determined to have justice 67t
he protection of the federal government can give it. . 1
n the Stock market affairs are very gloomy and pri*
again fell to-day?Delaware and Hudson ljper cent > (
nois 6 per cent, J; B.ink of Commerce Scrip 2 per Ch
it; Harlem t; Mohawk R R. 2 per cent; Canton J ;
es of bills on Philadelphia 4J a 6 ; Baltimore 4; Mo- ^
b 17 ; New Orleans 10. Another sacrifice of the State (
idit was made at auction to-day to feed that van- yej
re, the Erie Kail Road, in the shape of $100,000, 6 an
' cent stocks. The effect of these repeatedly forced n.q
es, may be seen in the fact that New York State 6 per o'c
its, redeemable next June, were sold at the board at nei
which is equal to 14 per cent per annam on the in- gu.
it men t. 1
'he Delaware and Raritan Canal and Camden and
iboy Railroad Transportation Company have declared \'o
ividend of three per cent for the last six months, pay- res
e on the 16th Inst. The Peterson and Hudson Rail- t'"'
d Company have this day declared a dividend of two
I a half per cent, payable on the JOth inst. The Con- (n,
iticut River Banking Company has declared a diviid
of three per ceut -for the last six months, payable q
the 10th inst. The Connecticut River Company has- Bl<lared
a dividend of two dollars and fl fty cents, pay y0
s ou the 10th inst. Bela Latham, William Conclin Sr"
* Die
E. W. Hubbard, have been appointed Bank Commir u;
lers for the State of Ohio.
he Bank of Columbus, Geo., has withdrawn from the ait
of suspended institutions, and has resumed specie JJJj
memo. n, wicunauic uivt c, M11U UUC WU1CQ WO ITUSt tUff
I be exten?ively fallowed.
he Farmer*' Bank of Orlean*, a free Bank, having Rlu
ed, the Comptroller ha* issued a notice to that ettvet. J.' {
atfair* of the Bank are itated a* follow* Cou
Fa*mkbs' Bank or Obleams.
ount of circulating note* registered and i*- to'i
ted to the Bank, *9-4 3S.i too.
ured by bond* and mortgage* $78 630 Pj
" stocks?Indiana 6's 74 000 1
*? ??
$133,630 Am
he bill* at the beat are, therefore, worth but 70 cent* Ei
he dollar.
>hn Biough, E?q., auditor of the State of Ohio, has, ^on
letter utterly' denied any connection with that ex
led concern, the Lebanon Miami Bank. .
he State Bank of Illinois ha* issued the following
ca: ?
State Ba>? nr. Illinois, ) t"j
Den. 29.h, 1841. > " J,
t a meeting of the Director* of this Bank, held on the bri*
in*t. the following preamble and resolution were mi1'
>ted, vi/. :
Whereas a circular hat been received from the Trent
of the State Bank of Indiana, setting forth that
said bank will be prepared to unite with the banks l,
Ihio and Kentucky in the resumption of ?p> cie pay. C.,?,
t, en the first day of August next Therefore, John
Resolved. That the State Bank of Illinois and its ??
idles will be prepared to join with the banks of
>, Indiana and Kentucky in the resumption of specie
ncnt, an the said 1st of August next." Lr
By order of the Board. 5 J k
N. H. RIDOELY, Caihier. 'J011
V an
lis amounts to nothing. The same professions hare ^lir
i made these three years. The bank* are never all |ue?i
y at the same time. The following was the condition
tc Bank on the 13th November last, a* compared ;a Ci
the previou* year : J ff',
State Bask or Illinois. W H
iAol'ilitirt 1o4j. A'er. 1841. In. Drr. 81 ?
tat stork. Male, $1 lou.coo I.io'j oou ? I,too.000 7 En
:al stork, individual, <49,210 |,S4*.I2> ? 1.196 983 ?20 1
ilation, l,?09.9*3 1,102,113 ? 1,783,(1* jus k
atcs T re usurer, to ? to Kara
kin ed dividends. I vs I 3*3 213 Stodi
dual depot tea, 70.703 85,830 ? 15,143 Hal*
to other banks, 7,487 117 883 ? 110 39a Hose
. E*., Interest, he. 29 V,? 86.780 ? 37,531 krolus
fund. 115.443 800 000 ? TI4.S37 Ak<
ch balances, 3,317 33.036 ? 1*709 Hunt
Estate f ind, ? 400.000 ? 400,000 inan
McCi
$3,886,3*8 7,365,*69 4l Pol
Mums. 54 our
discounted, 1,312 070 1,707,731 ? 395 681 tCA
of Exchange, 393.793 447.U40 ? 151.245 K' lr
nded debt, 101.085 670.397 ? '>49 312 U ?.,n
is Bonds, 36 9 998 8.101,649 ? 1.731.851 30 R
is Seriv, 819 243,3*6 ? 242.577 ? u?
and Insurance Stork, 11 900 2.100 * 900 ? Kichi
rrom other bank*, 179 473 797.278 ? 618.956 p^tlei
Est.te, 83 336 471,*95 ? 386.659 j5 |
tntal ei| ensei, 7 438 14,6*9 ? 7*71 ,01?'
s, 431314 336.940 ? 107J<6 nlll|l4,
I of other hanks, 1C3 ISO 13**77 ? 36.931 |"v
I on lleel Est ?te, ? 423.864 ? 423,954 , k|[,
*2 8-4 399 7.553,169 B.'hm
e have received the message of the (lover nor of kmuc
ky. It is mostly occupied w ith financial matter*,
tommence* with long, futile, and oil repeated aiga" td?t?i
1 in favor of a National Bank, and in consonance v
such view*, give* it as hi* opinion that the h*nk* of k colicky
should IP.kr thc-ii rule ol honesty from other fj.''?,
and not be compelled to re?ume until they think
ii n
er, remarking a* follow#Hurv*
ie conae^ucnce! which would follow from comptilreaomplion
against our banks, without r.oncnricnt 3j (otl
nption on the part of lome of the otht r State!, w ith
Ii we stand moit intimately connected in trade, arc yj OM
ideratioui which duuhtleiJ will he duly weighed by c?_i
ieneral Asicmbly. Iapptchend the immediate ei- Kotie
would be to aggravate, if not greatly to increaii, Monti
mating pre!!urn upon the country. Thehanki.it
ie, judging from a report of their menus. maj r?e,
brltr.i t it f. rnilrtry ablttn tulluin tht'itttlvn in ?ptcit , , lilV,
enttf tiut in thia pioceaa, unaided and unitipportcd u,g?3
iy of the bank* ol the neightaring Stati n. w hetlier ? K A
pccie would not immediately lion out of the State <tin?
ether audden contraction!'would not iiec>-aaaiily ,
w ? w helher the bauka w otild he iu a condition to |
h any accommodations or facilitiea to the com- ,a gf.
e of the State, kc kc. ?I lis
Y<t
arthiatpecimin of morality, he applau 1? the diltri t(M , .
n act. In relation to the Schuylkill Dauk fraud,he ' J\,H
rka aa follow! y
>uM the courti decide that the Bank of Ki ntticky it'"Phi
lor lhaconiideration paid for the fo: ged eertilf- , r_
. with interest, those certificate! will be worth ?ieca?
Iy more then the original sham, inasmuch aithc w Wn
ineitocrf nrist contribute to pay them: but ahotlid ! '
lUttimakt a contrtrv decision, the hoidera of the LL"'''
j'j* itOCk wilt lote all, nniesa they are enabled to ?li
o; aoaieUung from the Schuylkill Bank." cc?ai
i in.- luuJeil u?u ui Uie Su;? u iu loUots *:?
Bonda III tied at a per cent interest, $515,Od<)
' ti ' " 2,Stt6,aOO
Total. J.S.401,400
["he revenue of the State for many y eara had been Jcfi
nt, until last year, when an additional tax of 3 centi
etrcry #100 was laid, which yields sufficient to pay al
1 debts of the State, and leave a surplus of
Sales at the Stock Eichaugi.
00 X V t P Ct. Ju'y.'ss 98 200 Bk nf < etnmerce ?80 95
00 V Y S iter ft, 1646 ST IS Amtr E* Bmih toj
60 Ohio 8's, I?to 70 s? Mec U <?kiM* Am 51
08 liliuoia Bonds 17 25 Dtl.i l.ilr k TinatiJii 5u
DO i!o 17( 10 lio s?0 SO
90 do 16; 100 Lone Island Bank ?t# 11
90 Indiana U'llds 10 '950 Pale reel. Railroad sliw 51<
90 do IS} 50 do s3? Sol
?> do (10 IS. jo Sioniugtou Railroad M
90 do 18. 5 Auburn nud Roche.lcr OS
.0 do (10 10| So CaUtou Company IS
h* Meehanies'Bank to ss do ls(
Delaware (lid Hudson 9S? So do 10,
do S5 10o do (30 IS}
do (45 >2 50 do b?0 19
do 94 ]5 Moluw Railroad 1.30 6<H
do Sthw 63t 10 do 59
do euw 93 25 do 59
do ttliw 93) 50 do 57j
do 9-t SO do (33 S?
do .SO 50 610 Harlem Railroad 8}
do b30 92 5(J do 8,
Sank of Commerce 98. 10 do 9
do 98) 100 do 0l5 8)
do 671 OtiO do (20 oj
do 67
Second Board.
.0 Slate 5V. 1947 67 20 (h( Harlem >.
io Illinois Bdi alu 16 lu do s)
a. do 17 SO do (10 S{
Delaware 6c Hud (10 925 1900 do 8
do kij
Corn Trade.
'e have no chengeto notice in tlii( mark it
t Buifalo at the close of navigation the (tock ?-as coated
at jo.OoO barrels, u third more than w.i necessafor
a winter supply. The trade on the 4th instant
l confined entirely to retail, at (6U0 to 6 50. Oats
re selling at 81 cents, and corn at 60 cents a bushel,
'here were exported from Milan, Ohio, in 1841,2lti,?6C
hels wheat, 16.242 bushels corn and rye, 1528 bushels
i, and 4,774 barrels of flour.
Cattle Blarket.
'here has been a decline iu prices to-day and a lesi
nbei of cattle ottered. About nine hundred beeves in
rket. Sales at (4.60 to 7 00 a hundred weight, Aboul
.en hundred sheep and lambs ufh-red. Sales of sheep
M-60 to 3.00, aud lambs at (1.26 to 3.00 each. Also abou!
y cows and calves. Sales at (25 00 to 40 00.
n Cincinnati, up to the 1st instant, 50.00# hogs have
n cut up this season. The prices of hogs ranged from
75 to 2 26 The i.ersons engaged iu pucltingure all
ler Kastern merchants,or the dry goods merchants o!
icinnati, whs, in order to save their exchange, invesl
ir Western funds in pork, and ship it Kast, iu payment
lews. Tne packets ou account of the E xtern im r
mts are forwarding large quantities of both pork and
1, by every boat that departs from Cincinnati for New
leans. Saliis of No. 1 lard were making at 5 cents.
Harried.
)n the 10th instant, by Alderman Woodkull, John T
L'ct to Anna C., daughter ol Wager Hull, all of th.ii
yIt
Natchez,on the 9th ult., by the Rev. Dr. Chamber
l, Mr. Jo hi Williamson, of that city, to Mils Hakribi
daughter of Captain Daniel M. Eraser, of Troy, New
rk.
Died.
)n the 10th instant, Mr. Robert Ransom, in the 69tl
irof his age.
lis friemfs and those of his son-in-law. Michael Rice
i respectfully requested to attend his funeral this af
noon, at 3 o'clock, from his late residence No. 24 Tel
ret.
)ii the 10th instant, Thomas W. Bell, infant child
omas Bell, Esq.
rhe frisnds of tho family are respectfully invited ti
end his funeral this day, from the house of his father
Reade street, without further invitation.
It Brooklyn,on the 9;h instant, Wm. R. Wood, in th<
h year ofhis ago.
rhe relatives and friends of the family are respectfully
ited to attend his funeral at 2 o'clock, this afternoon
m his late residence 187 York street.
) the 9th instant, after a short and severe illness, Mr
arles A. Homan. agad 24 years,
lis friends and those ofhis father are respectfully in
ed to attend his funeral this afternoon at 3 o'clock
m the residence of the latter, 98 Crosby street.
Jnthe 10th instant, Mrs. Elizabeth Tolell, aged 5
ars.
The relations and friends af the family, also of her sot
1 son-in-law, John T. Kelso and Jarvis P. Calvert, ar
luested to attend the funeral this afternoon, at threi
lock, from her late residence, 30 Jefferson street, cor
r of Henry.
)n the morning of the 10th instant, Eliza, wife of Johr
eeny, aged 27 years, after a long and severe sickness
ler funeral will take place this afternoon fiom her lat<
idence 74 Washington street, Brooklyn, at 3 o'clock
I at 31 from the Catharine street ferry on the New
rk side. Tha friends and relations of the family ari
pectfully invited to attend her funeral w ithout fur
r notice.
"Weekly Report of Intermesita
h? City and County of Ntw York.from the 1st day of Jan
1842, to the 8th day of Jan., 1842.
43 Men?51 Women?67 Boys?58 (Jirls. Total22l.
iaxases?Apoplexy I; Asthma S; Asphyxy 1; Abscess l
ediugO; BleeduiR lrom stomach 0; Bleeding from lungs 0
ned or scalded2;Casualties 1; Cholera infantum 8; Choler
rbutO; Cancer u. Colic 0; Consumption37; Convulsions IS
up or Hives S; Debility u; Delirium tremens 0; Diabetes 0
rrhoea 3; Death from Poison 0; Dropsy 3; Dropsy in hew
Dropsy in the chest 4; Drowned 0; Dysentery 3; Kry si,els
Ipilepty S; Fever 0, do. scarlet 18; do typhaid 3; do. ;>eurp4.
); do. remittent 4; do.bilious I; do.inflammatory 0; do iuter
teat 0; Urarell; Hip Disease 0; Intemperauce I. lutlam
ion 0; do. oS liver 0; do of womb u; do. of brain ti do. o
nachl; do. of chest 8: do.of lungs 28, do.of bovrelsl, duo
lat 0. Jaundice 0. Killed or murdered I; Locked Jsw
Lues Veuerai); Mortification i; Malformation i. Mara-mui
Measles u; Old age S; Organic disease of In art 2, Palsy 2
umstisui U; Spinal disease 0; Bcirrhus 0; Suicide 2; Sprui
Small Pol 8; Scrofula 2: Tee tiling 2; Tumor 0; Uuknowi
Jlceralion ol throat 1; Ulcers 1; Varioloid ; Whoopiui
igh 2; Worms 0.
on-Of I year and under. 62; betwern I and 2,23;2 and 5
i and 10.13; 10 and 20,7. 20 and 30. 26 ; 30 and 40.28; 40 au<
2; 3? mil 60.10; 60 aud 70. 7; 78 and 80,4; 80 and 80 5; SO am
1; 100 and upwards.o; unknown,0.
,?cn or Narivirv?United Stato*61; Ireland 43; Englaiu
i?.,.l.?,l 1- ??,.!/.rlt.n.1 O . 1 M..II.1..1 1. U-.-7 H..
inn?, N. A. 3; Wnl ludie* 3; Portugal 0, ^niuny 8
'dm 0; Wade* 0: AlricaQ; Spurn 0; Kumii 0; Italy 1, ?
erica 0; Unknown 1.
now?Aim* Home, Bellertie 4: Hnanital do 30; Fever Ho?
I do. 0; Penitentiary I; Blackwell ? Inland 4; Small P<n
pitai I; City Hoapita! 4; Mew Jeraey 3; Weatcheater t
I I aland 7.
>tored peraon*. I(.
WILLIAM A. WA LTKKS.City Inapeetor.
ty Inapector'a Office. Jan 8th.1843.
Pauriigera Arrived.
ivnr?Ship Du*he??* of Orlraua?( rooke Wiuley, New
it: O El aatillon. li.iruratit. SO in the ateerage.
jaairt'?Srlir Hope?Capt II N Plummer, I ite maaterof
Grand Turk, wrecked on the ithnd ofTirtuga, Decith,
aa i one man loat.reaael and cargo total lor*.
TtcnrooL?Ship United Slaiea?'Thoa Hood. Wm Oigell.?
iterrage.
Pii*a< im< ra Suited.
i clt pool?Ship K aeoe?A McFarlane, Vln W, ahart,
i a? A Btnniiic*r, Jr, Mr Macphctaon, B A, Montreal?
i C Kiyaer, N Vork.
Foreign Importations.
rr a root.?Ship United State*?HI pkga K C ah! well fc ro?
J Lot?IT Oeflin k Broidler?10 i'hoineou ken-1 tJW
? I?<ai rfoil Hodgeskco?33 Wright rtturtf 4 kSnaw?I A
Neat?3Wolf Biahopkco?5 E I' Eno? > KPaiannt kro
Cook kco?3 J T Dolank aoi?3Kellowa Caigell kro?
ireard kTnraahl?SPeabody Hiygakco?l HCochmje?7
Iby Borateau kco?9 K K n calami?I k oung Simla kco?
raona t'annirgken?7 Jlik T (larrer?| J Themio*ifc co
ntbrea k Weed?I W II Aah?I Ibberaou I'riaae kco?
Ippa k co?17 CofTm k Bradlry?13 Sitir, Price k co?8
ileey V co?14 L J WYetli? 33 Morrell, Woodfc Coal*?37
tlorreli fc a n?3 W Barton?3 K ionic, Bute k Jot.**?I
Aaii-4 J H H Mea?in?T? 5 Willi* k Hma?I Paten k
art?It J Morton jr?| T J Wood?315 Sand*, bo* k < o?
) fc Plielpa?13 C E Bill, Clark k co? IH II Kuruum k co
Paraona, Cumminl* k e< 3 J lliiti hiaaou fc co?3( Neeeo?
7 L M Hiieaell?II < t.irton, Hodfea k eo-3 Juniber k
inn?5 J T Union k aon?1 Smith, Thiirger k Jco-8 A K
lard?37 A K Wheelnthl? 15 Said. Alley k co?I H fc H
htfcco?6 Bird, Gillilan fc co?I W M Bend?4 Walla 6.
ncranti-6 Wolf Clark fc Cfclleapie?t J Brow n?3 Hall
-34 Hall k Moara-1 J Waid?aooG 0 Morewood k co- 4
IJ Ti bill?4 Lambert k Wolco t?3 W Stephen*- 3 W ti
fc Noyea?IS J C How* fc co?5 T limit?10 C Church-I#
ht.< Iden k Pli'lpa?4 J Iliidanu?:t J Pedr <-ilIt?40 Jn i
all k co?H Par*one. Cumminaa fc to?3 (J He n a-s Mots
lit/. ? 5 W* 11 aon k Brown?7 Wolff fc Bi*hoii?1 Noriiak
it- 68 I (Jihoufc CO?7 H Wreaka?7 I. ./Ten it Itr.lmnid?
. k <1 Ereraon?I U Abraham* m?I Crowley fc aoa? a J
raon?1 J II aggert) fc aon?8 Patni fc Stewart?3 Tomer
? i rtteen I tnii?ruoa JdlU'l ci ?
eiet Hro?? ?l Wilaon. Whitewri|(lit V <o?? S Alley k
I J (Jit.on Si co?4 S < oc':r?n?31 II N Perk k co?19
irdeun Si Wate n?10 (Stone, Swan k to? 34 liodfreyk
nun?*3(4 I'attiaobk c>? 39 J (ithon kco? 34 IV * b,od
.afftn k Kidmond?3 KmiM?, Tobo k e.i? a U Haddm k
100 tonop g iron NewboM It CruR?34 >0 baa irou Ci*
<in St Buchanan?310 bara iron 01 |kga to or dr r.
arnoi.?Snip Scotland?loo ton* coal R k D Dr/dcn?2".
Wright. 8lnrg'?? k Chaw?0 do J LefTrete?x |V?b >dy
i k co?26 J <tk P Gern-r?13 cka 12 aniila IgtlJeby,
i an k co?29 |iUg? liorh n. Ilndgee k co?11 It h ntelai.d
-2 K Caldtetll?I W Chancery k co?12 J Uiboti l.tn?*
k co?2t cka tMt.e J Btiill?t K-alerk co?M S J nee
tNiv?? kco?91 Araina k Ur >tbere?363 boats tin 8S6
t spelter Phel.e. Uodgr k n.? I8M beta 330 bill* iron (4
elite 78 cratro I boa fi A .MumTold?31 cka W Cliurthill i
-I cltgi S I ockran?7 S Drnuielou?70 iot,? ir>u Tiadale
-00 Hi'?a k Brother'?105 J Keeae k Son?51 J T Ilol
30 I Met'all?31 doSbd a 12 bage lOauvilt Kieeti,, Byte
-30 do .0 bage 41 caeke 4'7 hare 670 billn It W Sin -Ida?10
1 h'erman k to?fit I K Bill, ( lark k co?2 C S. 11 >r?-ard
are ap fc Livingston?17 (4 Ktllt?21 S TTnmrr?ltd#
y St staea?2 Persee k Brooke?89 Band*. ho* k co?|
(roller o| Cueloina?16 hn ?, Jr?20 Wood. Jolicaon It
>0 boiea tin rhtlpe. Dodge k co?I chronometer 10 caiea
iron 3a casks SOcratea to order.
?g?Chi, Dnrlieaaeof Orleans?4 |>kgs tndre Dei litm k
? I K A Arlaolt?I W Price?I Hlephe?2 Unnakrrk
F Ach k co?5 J Rilliet?I H Jeffrey k co?1 Brntidr la
re ke ?2 K.ugler k holey-6 II Bolti-r?3 Moican k
int?3 F.ckhart k Merck?16 W B I raner?t A seanre
3 Bey lard. Jr?3 J ii Wripht?4 Bear. Bei nmm k co?3
nhen?8(J 1 hoc urn-n I).: tnoaeo?6 Wm Brevier?OA
-l Werckmerler-21 Adt-nn P Arie k co?to Boontn
a kc i?1 K"iimid k co?l I Ranmetia?j Col*it k ketnBoruan
k Bu?h?I Vnnng. Smith k co?14 h' I olteurf ?
Mm kco?I ACaa III ?44 S It k H Mahler-lo L Pie
?2 'baa h'ey?10 h Umber k l.ambman?2 k
i< 11?12 K B Kliodta k Ci ?I Deraiemet k Bt i?ard? It A
*?7 FHonrdetjirtn?S3 H Ileum | on?8n0 baaketa wine
I It uenlil kco?1 i kg Ooillrey. Weberkco?2 K Boa-1
\ llenereeth?I S H lithnateunm?I Bmualf- kco
boia.Sacol k co?17 Bomrr d Ivarnoia kco? io Mono
i ? l L P de Lute k Vchi? J KC illiard?83 Betk -rd k
ii? sC Maoroy ?I F Boi.d.ud?7 Cnut*u k Pillyrint?I
<b.nt?1 Bailey hKitclieii?lW 11 llurUinenn St co?2
id k Lor i i t?d litinnierling?I* Larliaiet k Kancl e
I t'eaien*, (ri nrd St i o? S Hr i*tlein, h.."P fcoo?I K It on
Btctrna kSona?I J Magne n?17 C Oi.noc* ke.c?I A
>ri tt?8 J' Mtdlor?1 it H band?20O (Jr., iat - 3 II rlalio
latk le ..in' Acli Begoden k co?4 |tkga f 'I lorti
k e>?? (Suatava Lerr.a-t A L Kroeclt? II Locachegk
i-iid.iurk?18 (i lleaaemberg k co-I V 11 Li ffett no it
i r j e it-r St V i 11 atl ?" II I)ei a'enn e ?7 h A leikie-tl
gt?2 Men tn k B*n rd?4 I Dord?I caee h bletly.Jr i
I iiickege \V Hortaiuaan Si co?I Kolnttie-l I'A Me- i
u Kave S. Llvermi te? } II Wiciiei? 8 Ho i, ( brief k i
I A >V a u k to?I 'JjvJ'nut k ?t?I M Livin?atot?20 ,
1 ntier* ?>< iJTelerel it Bum? i L> mm k Brooks?ift J buukei I
v co? 3 K k H Height kc???3 J 9 Gibhs?$ Laotie. Lsmsoti ^4
c?45 Dorr ? Allen?3 H Kshad?1 K Chsrdoo?l H MupnatH
?2 k Allien?9 Desl 'Oct. Brothers?'2 (J Roz4t Ic ('
? I Ranly, Ward k c? ?4 Horgeii k c<>?10 Ward. Sill k
I homusoo?19 J.'? Dutire?1 F. Fabrequette k Mom?14 F A
Helsuo?'2 Tiffanr, Young k Kll???5 Harudeu k "j>?1 '? A I
K-ndcl keo?J A Mister It co?3 P Ksarmev?1 >i Kates k Aoh g<
i ?i K B Strang*?9 L (iuyiiet k co?5 Hos?* k Owen?5 L
M-ii'lurd?19 Corbet, Usvis k c<>?24 1 C Howe kco?11 A
Barbey?1 Harmony?I Mayor?1 ? 11 Rogers?2 J M ''all k
co? '2 < "husthinauu? 7 Aubernnn. Morel k co?'2 A K Monro*#
? 7 Malriaiet k S ? ith? 3 Bern k Kee#?e?7 Kdward K-iMine? hi
6 \ L Kr*.?cb?b Ve t allien* k Lau?<u?It J H At Fell*?20 H
Cauoiig*?32 H Chtvrolat kc#>?2i Wight, flturge* k Hh?ti?
! I |)erhai!i k 3d note?1 roll of <ir?wings V Melville Oellis-?
barkMs wine Ci*l??a?140 Wi km k Ci nsimery?115 Bcher- ??
m*vhor k Marsh-2JS Buuker?2 Vicliel?S0 Raituav Crooke *?
? ISO W H Wright?4t0 A Oiiiingerk co?730 John <4 k K B? 'J'
'? r?2 cases witie V Bars'loti ? 260 baskets do P H Wright?'20
I Washington Morton?1 11 Bouciie?215 do, 88 pkgs mdze to
" ''' "
t?oNA'rt.s?Sc'ir II?>j> ?387 lops mahogany, 6 bags pirgtr 0
root l>efV iter k Whitinar#h?t 3 bags coffee to master.
\ isTiot Bay?Brig Iliad?404 bigs pimento Dtwioa. If?*
l tliers?884 Mai I ?ud. Kennedy k Co?4 tons old copper How- cl
land k A?: iii"'xli
Ratavia?Shii> Victoria?5300 picnics coftVe, 84 do ra4tans,
4800 d j sugar. 600 d < saj.au wood, 1 case indigo Nral k Co. _
MARITIME HERALD. \
POUT OK KEW YORK, JAM AHY IO_ d
7 71 I MOO!? ? St ?i
m I Miaa t ?7 ?
a?|Mrturi of tit* Atlantic gtaaiucra. ,,
Britannia Jan. ? Keb. 1 y
Calnl >uia Keb. 4 Mar. 1 _
Acadia Mar. 4 April 3
Packets to Arrive. Packets to Uepart.
LOMtiOM LONIIO*.
Wellington.( bidwick, Nov 30 Mot treal, Gi iffing, Jan. 10 r
Quebec Hebard, Dec. I G adiutcr, Ilritton, Jan. 39 J
L1VIHI-OOL. LIve.RrOOL. p
S. America. Cole, Nor. IS Steplieu Whitney, Jan. 13
Geo. Washington, Nor. 35 Columbus, Cropper, Jan.IS !
havde. sam.
! Duchesse d'Urleaus, Nov. 30 Albany. Watson. Jan. 8 ?,
Sally, Tkotn;>eon. Dec. I st Nicola*. Pell. Fib 1 Jj
[ To masters of Vessels. 6
Commander* of vessels mil cooler a favor by having a lilt t|
of their cargoes, passengers, and a report of vessel* left at n<
U e )a>rt whence they sailed, and the vessels ipoken, ready P'
l cn their arrival here for Commodore Bhiktt, of our fleet p
i <M newt schooner*. He a til board theui immediately on S
tlieir arrirai. ai
Cleared.
birr' Paragon. CuMis, Mobile. J Peter* k Co: Louisa. MulI
ford, New Orleans. K K Collins k Co- Hr.gs ktact. Johnson. 4|
| Savanuah, Htun es it ' learman. Siar, Karnham, St Barn and
I a market, A Hubbard it Co; Lion. Skoilietd, Apalachicola;
' Oriole. Kager, Marseilles, Li-ju* it Boulogne!; Kate. Girard,
I Gienida. Dsn s >n, Brothers?Schr* Julia. Shoemaker. Wi.- o
I miug'on, N C; kinpirr, Powell, Norfolk, Va; Fancy, Howes,
t Bos tin. Arrived.
/
i Ship Duchesse of Orleans, Richardson. Havre Dec 3d, and 5
Torbay Stli, with indie to \V Wliitlock.
Ship Scotland Kobertson, fnnn Liverpool, Dec 3d, with rj
mdie to K it D S Drysi'U. 30th Dec. lat 45. Ion 3S. spoke ship ii
. Geo Washington. U.urons. Imni Liverpool for New York? w
the G W ic;ort< iu a In avy caie spiuug foicmast. The S had u,
very heavy weather the whole passage. Has 106 steerage pas- el
se tigers. H
Shin Victoria. Procter from ... ?? - :.u?i? ?
' NealitCo. Left ahipa Concord. Spavin, of Boatou. unc; Pirn,
of Salem for Samaraty. 3 da) a. Xavigator, Bridgea, of V
Salem for Samarury. Sept ISth; ebipe Taalea. Paaacd, Augien, p
r for Manilla. Sept tin, Allbrre, iliuchinan,aid lor Boatou 13th.
, Spoke, 8th mat, 50 milra W.N W of Saudy Hook, brig Hallow
ell, of Haljowell.fioai St Mark* for Boatou, ,
Ship United States, Brittou, Irom Liverpool, Dec 3d, with (
mdre to R Kansit. Brig
Iliad, limner, 35 daya from Montrgo Bar. with p mento, *
fic. to Mail laud, Kennedy 5t Co. Spoke. 6th mat Istt 36 43. Ion
I 74. brig Hall 'Well. from St Marki fur I), stun. Jlr Brig Star '*
aid for Halifai mine day 'o
, Schr Hope, Chandler, 17 dayj from Gpuafrea. Hayti, to giai
ter. Left h triple K i rtoii, Mayo, for N York, 10 daya; achr *
t Lucr, Meana. lor do, 13 daya. '
Schr Sainnel Appltlon, Eldridge, Boaton, with nidze to maa- J
, ter. I;
' Schr Cornelia, Hinckley. Button, mdze to J Sterem. e
Self Amanda, Newnuiyport. with fiah.
3 Schr Einehne,Clarke, fcaatport, with fish and pla ter to maa '
ter. 1
' Schr 8t Helena, Carlow, Thoinaaton, lime to maater. .
9 Below. ,
1 lliip S briga.
f General Record. "
,, Foreiu* Letter Office.?'The Montreal, for London, will |
tail to-day. Her letter b iga will c'.oee at Uilpin'i at eleven
o'clock.
Commerce or Pictov?Arrived iulMl?136 |liip?. lu 1840,
331. Cleared >u It II, 393. lu 1840. 387.
' Foreign Ports.
Rio de Janeiro. Nov 30lh?Sid Oaceola, Philadelphia, lu
? port. Florence, trom Boaton for New Orleaua.lug; Niagara,
do do do; Auu Eliza, from Baliiinore for Rive Plate, beat day; ,
ii S< reue, from Hichmoud, unc. diacli irgicg; George Gardner, J
i> from do for Baltimore, to aail tat Dec; Eacalua, liom do, unc;
? Geo>(? Piuekuey. from Bahia for coaet of Africa, loading; t
Mary, Baltimore lor .Montevideo, Odcaaa, Bahia; Exit, Peabo ,
djr, N Voik, unc,dug. u
United tales Ports.
NoaroLR, Jan 4? Arr Mentor. Turk, laland. 5th?Sid Win
Henry. Bo.ion.
' foRTLi!?o, Jan 8?Arr VYm Wallace, Naw York. Sid Hi- \
, bernia Cub*.
j i.hiii'ittii. Jan 5?Arr Stateam n Levcu, Thoinaaton, 1
, Me. tth?Arr Howell. Havana. Old Heriulcj, Copenhagen; J
Fortitude, Havre; Gulteluia, Bordeaux, lu tne oiling, Brahip c
SavanteaH, Jan 4?Cld deylon, Havre. Arr Laurel (Br),
Greenock; Nancy, Grange worth; La Grange, Porter, New
York; Mary Aun. Hartlord Below . Aulliouv (Br), Liveipiol.
Sid swau, Mobile; Kraucia Aahby. N Orleana. Wood- .
Itock, Baltimore aad a market. 3d?Sterling, Hamilton, New I
York; G B Lamar, Sauueriaan, do. '
Moiiile, Dec 50.li?Cld Portainoutli, Liverpool; (ieorgia,
Charleatou. Homer. Boaton.
Ni:w l)*i-EaN?,Dee30?Arr Uelmalia Boaton. CldOnaul .
gee, Leavitt, New 1 oik. 3tat?iii the riier bound up, Duin- *
flic.lure Bclfkit. Ireland, Cld Mary Ballard, Livtrpl; Air.e- J
lia (Span),Gibraltar.
! ~ PORTUGUESE FEMALE PILLS.]
rpHESE lar-tained auo c* Irbr.tted pilli, from Portugal, are J?
X we perceive, to be obtained in tiiia country He? aJver- '
f UMment o* the last coIlialoI fourth page. d29 lirTu J
UVTGHINUe' STOMACH Bl rTKRS?For Dyapepaia J
II aeaiatiug Digcatiiu. Wnkooi Loe* of Appetite. Ner- JJ
vnu* Disorder! and Night Sweat*.?The leading principle of I.
till* medicine re toetrikeat t he utIgiou ofiaid diseases ; lieuig selected
Irom nature'* great emporium, it i< at onrr a sovereign
( and harmless remedy. Half a wine glass ha. hern known to I
giva immediate rcliaf. It i? aleo a vert pleasant bitter. The f
following n tram Dr. E. U Ludlow. No. <31 Broadway <
> I hare uard your Inltera, in caara of impaired digeation, *
1 where veg'tabietonics were iudu|>eneable, with a beaefici-l
leauit. 1 tie article! of which it ia com|H>ard are vary jtidi- n
I ciously couibiiitd, aud I hate no doubt will prove aervicalde M
in the case a for which you hare recommended it. C
; Youra. kc. Chhihh <i. Li dlow.
1 From Dai id Karl, proprietor of the Bank Coffee iloute, No m
39 Pidc atreet at
Dear Stii?I aea }ou have brought your Stomach Bitter* be
l fore I he public. Yen may releoany peraou to me for ita good
I qualities. I waa ao weak, owing to debility from d> ap< pale, le
or gome other complaint, that I did not kuuvv what to do?
Y'our Bitleiacured me You w ill recollect I felt grateful, ami f?
sent you a bottle of my medic ne, viz: a bottle of old poit. I
gaveaoineof your bit.era to a frieud. who was rutfrriug as I w
wai, aLd ahe tella me it had the tauie effect upi u her aa on ine. di
Youra truiy, IJtiio KaHu.
Sold < nly at HUT' HINO'8 Drug Store, 13u Bowery, cor 4
ner of Broome at. Price SO canta per bottle. I
Alio for sale, attheaanK- place, the genuine Dr. Taj lor'a "
[tafaim of l.n erw orl. froin I lie Wi.lnw, at .i"5. y 11 im' , i,
OS T?On '1 Ilea.Ill ath January, m h ul to n m re. t, New lui
York, a Oreeu Purae containing $ 5 hi g,.ld piecea, a *1 ao
note on a New Y rk hank, ?iid aome email caangc in ailvn.? let
A auitahle reward will be given by calling at 23 Kroni ilr?et, Fi
Brooklyn Jll If a
p\' I! i\'; . HOTEL.?'The proprietor of Una establish. M
La me ul, at the coiiimei cemtul of a uew year, return* hia M
thauk' to Ilia frienda and the public for their liberal auppirt, J
liuce it w aa that opeii'd for llieir accommodation iu July last- >
am, be ho|iea atill further to merit it by uitikiiig all timer who fl
aciuruat the Evrhauge aa cott.lorlable, -at leaat, M It any other M
hotel in the Uuion. lie lake* thia opportunity alio, ol cauliou- j
irta thepuulicagainat the utifotiude.il tumor* put afloat by iute. ?
r. al'd per* .na about I lie eitravaganl charg's aai I to have been A
made at hia hotel, by aaauriug them tliey are now what they fl
alwaya have beru, $2 per dar. gf
Attached to the hotel ia a I uge conorf and hall room, which '**
will be lit forauch purpooea upon aa reaaonable trnr a aa any **
in the city. F. BOYDEN, Proprietor. Ko
Ho MMOHP Vi.,Jan 4.1342. j4 Imd<t3rnw ue*
WILLIAM DAVI Kf BE N If. KIT BALI, will tak7|d^ (j
at Tammany Hall, on I* riday ? ening Jouu try 1 4, 1942.
TI.e C o nmittee ol Arrargrmenta in antiounciug Una Ball,! 'erl
would simply atate that Mr. William Davie, has been known '""J
lor many yeara in II ia city, ava man marked for promptitude iuj'
and eorr ctnra* in btialneaa, aounduee* in zinuci, lr ami rirti- _?
tude in purpoae, wati lli in fnendahip, and benrvolruce in feel- Of
ing tuwartla all They iheref->re have trttderfd thia to him. O
not only e* a benefit, but likewiae aa a mark of eateem for lua Wa
alerhiig worl.it aa a tuau; being well aware that a geucrnui'pub- Nat
lie will at onceauatain their in their endravorn to cheer the o'cl
aj irita anil alleiiote the diairtaa ol a worthy it dividual, who cari
for two yea-s paaf, haa been confined to a bed of goffering and
dirtrrae. At the game tune thay pledge Ihemtelv ea that nievertiuua
ahall brapaicd ou their part, to make the hall on* of
the ?*f of the season f r thoar who wish to eijuy heartfelt
good f'llowehipand amusement
The order of dancing according to Pr gramm-,
' Mr. J Bark-rhaa generoualy volunteered fie valuable eervicea
in directing the floor; and Mr. W. Wallace hia kind y,volunt'ercd
hia arrvicea lo lead the orchestra.
Rour* open at seven.and dent ing w ill commence preeiaely
at eight o'clock. The termination of the ha I will he known
by the band play nig ' Quid nyht aud joy be wi' you a'."'
Tickets to admit a gentleman ami two ladies?to be had
ofthe Committee, vit ? __ ? .
Walter Lrggal.te Hudann atreel. President. Ul
ftamuel M.ye ek.WI Wilhamatreet, Vice Pieaideut.
William Leegat. M Barrow atr. et. Treasurer. " K4
A.' amernii, 2.2 Hudson street,Secretary. Il,n'
It Sharp. 48 Htidaonalreet. feet
J Douglas, J48 1'earl ?lre?t. and
W I.euro*.8 Ha l place. "on
II. Kerr.coiu-r .Noiln Moore alr?ct,aud W.Broadway. ti*f
P. McLuaky,298 Hudson street A
< Ciouiugbam, 6H<iieenwich. Mr.
Win. McLaughlin, 11C Kliz ibeth atreet. of d
P. Millie, 17 Centra afreet. of o
J. B. Waiitcll, 71 Hud on. Iioa
D. Hautiah.2i7 Cherry atreet jej i
J Ourr,comet Canal aud Hudeon atreet IN
Wn Rich.rd<on, corner Greenwich 4Dd Pcrir. bug
J. Morrison, 135 Chatham itreet. Imir
W.ruir, 103 Troy street jli
Aud at the bar. Tammany Hall?t hecka not traniferable ? ?
B'l
MKHCAVTILE LI BRAKY AMfX;iATIO.%?The Kan
port of th' Mtmborsof thia ln?titution, a\ proving h more mart
t\-A. Ic iiiu4 IPM mthlif pntulii/vl A( !?? I ' ? 1?"
b"n mud, in liritnl inbrhalf of the following tic*et. conn Kn
l-otet of caudidalea preferring rou* order to indi corona r ontra- rloth
ver?y, ami ?Lit individual rnerita Mid Itinera for ortire are
open to all proper di.enmi'n
Vnr Prrrtdeat?'HOHnWk.1,1, R. I.Of KVVOOD.
Vice Preiident?LEWIS Me VlULLRN.
t'orreipniiding Secretary?tC. OOHDON M?w
lteeordiiig Secretin ? ISAAtl M. BAIO.Y. not
Tieaaurrr?9AMUF.I H BATTF.Rl.KE. V.^};
iJiaixroai.
Albert O Lte, Hubert M. Nilee, ?
Sili amn Miller, junr. ' barbr M. Wheatley. "
John Loilirl, William II. White,
Ja nei_Riatoul, Jll ft* t<*<<|
NOVICfc it hereby gitrn. that all perron m forbid trnat- ''t-1
Hi/ t.r pxyiUK aiif mouty to aii> |/*-r^t?i* or j.^rjioii* on OA
couniof the r?Meni,Nof. 7 8 an I *, under K ilton Market, L I.
without the wnttenord ? from the proprietor. All authority loir
1..rmall> tested many yereoiia or penonr ce**iitlne dar. medi
J. W HOW A HO.
New Vrrh.Jaa.lO.HIl jll W VIJ
? S theneWrof 'B' "re whichijnri arred on morning rf 'he 1
C\ tfceioth int attae HAINT OROltOK HtlTM.. might '
,'iirric nt perao r to b'lieve th.it the bti?ine?? ol the (a il 1 '
I imHiii thereby; bee interrupted, I He lire to mure I he ptlb- lt.l?l
1.1. ihiotigh the ;r..?(lium of jgm jarr, tint It reinanra Ihr [}"
.,rue ? i dure, ami to r??|i.< .tar. titinuatioD of their lend pa- ' il
[inula' I ilMmnliny.rll of tbla oppoitumr to nffrr rn> Meat
..nit ?nt:e thank to our actiie firtlueD. Without whore prompt par f
udtiit hpu?a iptili! pr jb.bly hart bten deitroyed Jll It* .ath
AMW ??IM.
BY THOMAS BELL.
I Sitrn/loS.ltJtuu ??u 1 It fuu.'Mtr ttU.) T
TUtMDAV
* 1* "fdrjr go >d*. fancy article*, jcr elry, clothing, pledged i,
aode. hardware. gun". ke.
Alio, 5o dor. wme, 20 ooo ?eg? *. millioory. kc, kc.
WKUNkHDAY.
At to) o'clock, in ihe 8*lr? Hooiu*.
SplctiiliJ Kurniture?Con>|iri*i*g the u*u?! hnaiehetkiug
rti. le*, from tee faniihet gn u,_ u(> hounehrekiiig. j
A ho, ttic ?t-ck of ? cahii.ri maker
Alio, 50doi wtoe.20.000 cigar*. millinery, Itc.
Atoo.tlir following article* ol inerchaudiee j net rereired?a I
1)1 cheese, 3 package* gla?*?are, ?liii^ct? 2 bag" aMineectl.OoO ?
rvtlic sti'in*. 3 l)ii2c* containing l)*li Um|<* aud glun tiling*.
9 buffalo coeU, SOdi r ho*ierv. glute", kc. Tl
FX I MAY
At toi o'clock *t the Anctioo lloom*.
Large * tic of French bedstead* , ota*. chairs kr , the utock 1
f all iphoUtriir, by ordtr ol *Kr<?iver.l6 heat krenrh tied- 1
le ids IH spring and cushioned sola*. It do tnahogauy chair*,
of* bedstead*. 8 rocking chair*. 16 inattraeaes, to feather
lilt!*, 10 pilll.KItT*, ami other article* of furniture. 1
At 1 t o'clock. 5
Splendid piano fortes.
Al?? ' splendid r<?M H o<ul mimI m4iogany < Itnirn.
8. P. IN(tRaHAM, Auctioned . 1
\ UCTION NOri? *C? Furniture and I'lale?Tint Day, at *
*- 10 o'clock, all the Furniture c?nUiue I in the house. 33 !
lcrcerstreet,comprising i large and valuable assortment,contat
i?g of krtisself. room and aluir car;eta : aolka, mahogany
hairs, marble too \ ier au?I centre tables, pier glasses; French ?.-i
late, curtains, ?nad<-? ? xteusiun dining table#, tea do ;i?tral
ud oiantel limps, hail do. clocks, hat stands, French mahoeav
kaaiaad . ftilhf Mdt? ntUraiMe, i-i.u *< im, kirtiui ?
IT Irot *. bic. 1
Silver P alt?Alio, a large assort mei t of silver plate, tea
id coffee seta, spoons, knives and forks, also si I % ?r gilt do.&c. li.
Also, in extensive assortment of kitchen furniture CrUJo*
nes ready the day previim. jii it*
)AS8A(?E *4 FROM ALBANY" TO NEW YORK. via l*l
SPRINGFIELD. HARTFORD, and NEW HAVEN. J
a**rnt;er* leaving Alb,uy at <i o'clock, A M.rv.rr inorn
iy, (Sunday* evcrptcd] In llif car,. I'or 8' nnylirlil, arrire
irre at 111 M.?ilinr and take iteRr* I'or Hartloru, aktrt I hey
rive al 1 |>a?t 4 nevt morning. laa* car* at | |ia*t u lor New -j-|
larcn, from thture by itran. .r lo New York, where tliey ariVre
at | |i*st 2 P. M. , or il loueengera peefer, II.ry cau take
ir* for New Haven, on their arrival at Hartloiil, and leave at p.,
P.M.
If they leave Albany at I P.M. iu the rar* for Rprim: field?
ley will arrive there at 6 , and at Hartford at II?take cars ,
eat morning fur Ntw Ilaicu at 6 , aid reach New York at | a
M i . w
Relutnit K, leave New York at 7 A. M per Steamer, foot of ,
eekmau alip, for Ne w Harm, arrive at I'll?HartfoRI ai 3? (
priuytield at 8? nevt morning take cart for Albany or Doit n,
id reach there at I'll M.
Ticket* lobe had ai (J. R. PAYNE'S Office, II Bn adway, i
.lhauy.orat the Greeiibuth Depot ; at New York on board
M steamer*. ... -i i
Knight by thi* line will lie I rausporled bet ween Greeubuvh
id New York for f 12 per 21100 lb*?light article* and parctlr
i be chanted higher al uiicrction.
jll H. FITCH. Secretary. i
IXTY MILES LESS TRAVtaL THAN BY '
ANY OTHER ROUTE. 1
.Uri?j Mfk THE MOST EXPEDITIOUS ROUTE i
?^TTi,iCa?TO ALBANY, via BRIDGEPORT?Fare !
S Hr nr " tr1, 84.50. 1?
The steamooat CROrON or the NIMROD. leave* Cathaue
Market slip. East Hirer aide, for Hi nlgrport. evrry mornig
eacept San,lay. at 7 o'clock. From Bridgeport. nasst ncrr.
ill be forwarded by Ui? Hoiisalouic Railroad lo'WufCii- J
aau, (73 mils*) to lodge, thence to Chatham ';W milt h) by "]
I ige. iixl thence to Albany (30 miles) by Albany and Boston ail
lailroad, arriiiug at 11 o clock. A M. Mi
[aj- The Railroad cars arc will warmed by stoves. Ht
1> or passage or freight apply ou hoard of the boat oral the j
"ork House, No. S Courtlaudt atrtet, where ticket* can be etl
rocured. jS I in rri
V12KV IMPORTANT. '
aA HURL.BURT Si CO.'S NEW YOKK , \
?jf* AND SI'ltlNliKIELD PACKAGE EX"
4m*~Nlr pii l ub vl;1 .Ne a Haven and Hartfoiil ; i
Jflfice 7 Wall street. New York; 34 State street, H >rtfoid ,-i.
Theaiibaciibera will run a Package Car, under the care of an .
frnt.by the steamboat traiu, for the conveyance of packages . .
every drscri|itioD, boaea, bundles, sample Roods, bank notes.
pecie, be.; package* will also be received at the office 7 Wa I j
treet. New .York, and faswarded to Norwich, Worcester. '
loston, Hartford. New listen, Springfield, Philadelphia, Bal- ,
imore, Washington, Salein, Lowell, Portsmouth and Port
and,Hollowell, Augusta, Bangor,aud all the principal eastern
ities and towns.
All packages should be marked care of Hurlbut Ik Co.'s
It iress. Large packages w ill be called fur, if notice be lift at
he office. .... ??(
Particular atteutiou will he |>aid to collecting and paying
Ira ts, notes and bills, | urchas ug goods on all the above named
ilaces. . .
Hurlburl St Co. or their agent, will constantly accompany, !
ind have the eailuaite care aud custody of their package can.
md will be rrapiusihle for the goods carried in, or destined
or it, b) loss by tire,and leril ol the e? a excepted.
AMOS smith, Proprietor,
7 Wsll street. New York. **
J. HURLBURT,
34 State street, Hartford, ft.
J. hurlburt.
_ _ amps smith. mi
PASSAGE" FOR NEW OHLEANas.?Only
Regular l.ine?Thespleudid.fast sailing packet ship I
BftiQjLORLEANS. (Capt. Sears, sails positively ISIh Ja- |
niary, her regular day. 1
The ?hi|w of this Line sail erem five daya, or passage free.
laving splendid accommodations for cabin, second cabin and op
trerage pasaemers. Ear passage, early ap|>licaticn should be Ct
ude on board, foot of Wall street, or to ?
v W.kJ. T. TAPSCOTT.
49 Si utb street, or 43 Peck Slip.
N. B.?The packet abip LOUISVILLE will succeed the
trie ana, aud sail on 20th January. jll V
*?gi PASSAGE b OR 8A VA NN AH?Kirst Packet? .j1(
JWy. Tie splendid packet ship CELfA, Capt. I hatch-r;
pBBICsails as ahove, having spli nJid accomiuodatioua for
ahin, second cabin, b steerage passengers. Kor passage, early
iiulicatiou should be made ou hoard, loot Maideu Lau , or to ,,i
|w. b j. 1\ TaPSCOTT, s,i
Jll 49 South street, or 43 Peck Slip. mf
fgue .>EW LINE UE LIVERPOOL PACKETS- re.]
R'gular packet of i| e_liilh Jan.?The splendid packet nig
pga^fethip sou * rir.ixrxmiv, (. apt. A. S.l'aimer, will tail L?
i above, her regular day. did
t in- aiup* ol till* UN are all luoo tona burthen and over, "> I
ud their acrommoelaliona lor cabin, arcond cabin, aud aterrage ?
aaaengera.it la well known are tiiieiior to any other line of
ackelt Pertout dracrout of eecuring bettlu, ahould not fail
0 make early application to VI
W. k J. T. TAPSCOTT, 49 South atreet,
corner Uouvenictir lane, or 43 Peck tlip.
Pertontdeiirouv of aeudiiig fir their fricndi cau hare ihetn [or
roug' t out by thia favorite thin, or any other line, nailing t,v
rom Livtrpool weekly and on favorable terma. Ural la for n"
ny amount, payable on the National and I'rovineial Banka of ,rr
reland and their Brt'tiehee; on Me-aart. Jamea B re It, Hon k (Ja V"
laukera, London; Kathaiige and Diacoiuit liauk, Liverpool; lr"
Inch are payable in all the principal towna of the 1'nited
iiudo-n; can he had by apply ing at Tapecott'a General Paa fr1
igc Office, 49 South atreet. j|| ?'?
I'ACKfcl SHIP LOl'ISA, K iK NEW'UiT ?
Wtj^LEANS,? Paaatiiiera by thia ihlp will pic vae'br on ,\
!UEfl?hoard at Oi lea.in Wharf, l ot of Wall aireet, (hi.
<>. at 19 o'clock, at vvh'ch tune (he St-ainbnat lierculer, "
i II take the ahip to sea. j|| *M
XJW- KOK NEW, ORLEANS?Lmnaiana and New 1
IMWYork Line?tlegiilar I'acleel of 20th January?The Sm
BGabeplmdid faal ailing packet hip. LOUISVILLE. NJ?
apt, M. Hant.will tail jioailively aa above, her regular day. pa'
hor freight or paaacr, having aplrndidly funnelled accom (;0
oditioiix, apply ou board, at Orieaua wharf, loot of Wall Hai
reel.orto E. K. COLLINS k Co. j()n
56 South iltcei. pig
lireat care will he taken to lave the good* by thin line cor- M.
Ctly meaanred. (
Agent in New Orle inn. Jai K. Mtoodruff, who will j ron.p'ly alti
rward all goad* to lua addtea*. I ...
The Packet Slop HTINTSVILLE, Capt. C. H. Mumford, (jn
ill auccetd the Louiaiillc, and tail tat February, her regular j
T- ' . _ J'? don
Mt KOK SALE.?flic stock and tiitiirri of the oytier Hut
unhand rating teloon3l6 Broudwey, the batriuent of the Lh
1*191 < rotluc H ill. together with I oir y e irt unetpire I term of 'I
e Irate from the brat ol May next.laid aaloon being one ol itoi
r licit location! in Broadway and now doing an excellent N'e
itiuett kiiiI will be aold at a l?a gain, aa the preaent owner i" at t
mtmtcd that he cannot attenel to it. For particnlnri and the
rmfl itKjilire ou the premitee or lo SAMUEL DAYTON, 4
ilton fieli market. jlO Iw'q it g
tTO LET.?To one or two gentlemen, or to a grntle ' [''
man and lot wile, a furnuhed room, with or without i "
ptrlor,and aprivilrge in kitchea. Apply 93 Whitetf ?"ln
T ? V
jjT T<>" LET?T wo comfortable Officet in *Iot? No hi I
K South street, aud iinniedlvte DOMMtion given, by apply- ,
ffingto JOHN MKHD.MAN . n the |TMI> . I
U?#,i>toragc ran be h*d?>n application aa abovr. jt at h
jjk~COUNTRY RESIDENCE WANTED.-WuiUd M
IB to hire, on or before til. let of \pril lie v', a rouii'i>- re- nitc
HLaidrnce. aituated within 70 milea < f New York, wnh a >?iui
in of from 20 to 118 acret attached One commanding ,|r,.?
ter view prelerred. Addrett A. L. M , per mail, at New
chelle, Weatcheater County, (pott office) ,3, Y.,giving a \\
cnption of the pteiniaea 16 in?8
? ?? pot I
L THREE DOLLAR HATS' THREE DOLLAR ' ho
HATS !?Juit (duelled, thr mott Ipleiidld article ererof- N
ed to thr public. Elegant ihort net moleakin Halt at thr ture
> price of >3 Alto an article at $2 50. cijual iu durability uule
luatrc to tliote commonly told at S3
14 1m' BROWN, Practical Halter. 149 Canal at
fCOND WARD ARol sfc.- I he New Vork and ln; ?
Railroad mutt be completed ?The citirena of the Second
,rd are reiucet'd lomeetat JoLet' See mid Ward Hotel, 87
tau Itreet. 011 Turaday evruing, Jan. 11 lh, at hi f pa> t 7 ' ^
ock to adopt auch laeaturra on their part at will tend to
ry thr above into effect. "A
| ' (Forge A__Hood, _] HK
Kc*o K. Miner. Wat
Prter Hhari*. Mr
Kliaa YV ifale, Fpl
Win Turner, 1 |
Jamri Oirrrtaon, Cont
Kdwin H. Yalr. ' D.tnmMw, 11"
Caleb 8. Wbutlhull, | *rn
Ham I. Clifford, Jr. | ^
K. T. Backhouar, | i ....
W-Child?, | mM)t
Wm. A. WnUon, I pan?.
Jonathan Lovejoy,J J'0'**
lEKNOLOGY AND MATRIMON1 -MB ?> 8 VOWLull
will give a Icdurt (hii cvuntjf at fi Luke's Build- . p
i, Hudson street, corner of (froee, on the selrtfiyn of Com- /\
ions for Life, and for bring happily with those already ee- .
e.| I'll- !i !'.' - I x t*f l i ; rl " ' bOtll in T - M d
Ri gle. and those who wish to secure serfs w ill ?.f course be
i hand" early. It will bt emiMBily mlereitiof ud mat ruei?n,
at f| nt on If nil. on Th?r?d*y Kyrniog. U'luarr | s; h, 11 '
K. will leettirt npop thede? sin pine uta and ehararuristics 'I'll
chug ii lied men, iflnitrateU bygone hundred ? asts of heads L n
ur n? n nation sod of fo,cigii?rs .. Prof# in ual eii-min i- f.?rr<
<fsil - | ' v" ' 1 '' ' ?11 i ' n,
I'll 1 1 ib*< fibers Will rcctif , . \ ... Is ( K?
parties wishing to contract for the ramus of the Bri'ish K?
Kn?<raM. sunk "II the b-tt-r> on the 7ill lust Apply p?te'.
ifdiateljr to A. kS.U. MtKKA Z! E, He
lit* 97 OldfBlip. Net
LLIAltl'8?OTIB HELD will I ^ Upp> ,, a . ,li ,.,,n
lis friend* at Bassfnrd'fl Billiard Rounn, oyer theCltmai Re'
i.gHoua ;, where are e yht splendid table., with slat* and
tie beds. India rubber, cloth, and spring steel cushions? mi v
a ill mahrg'tuv frames.
trance 149 Fulton street, and I j Ann street. Ta lcs and KM
is for sale. ;llm* n.\
UPERFINE URESIS COAT* OF
TMB It"
BK8T QUALI ff, ?- >
uto vtorkui ,L|?||I 4od inat<!r!?l?, lor TWENTY F')Vl
LAB3 : ?l?o. I'uitaluon* T?u itollui.tt PUlLiP* Cn#| I'1'
i>ritiK?iUbliti.n>?nt, l>"
Iff Proadway. ilr
B ?Th? aboTat(irni?nlaaragiiMrant*adto baaqiial laava ',r
lt*ct to tho?? mad? t?y thr moat l>oo?ca > *'r
Tbiaia n i unfit', irti?r*uU?, b#1 ona tbat tli? adw. rr??-. d-a
;ra htt.it,Ifto fulfil Uarmau'f iftacondarj- juaiity pro; t~ in?,
t.l loair. a? MN
f'KKT SHI? lllf.NTflV'H.CK. HIOM NKXV Oft- J}':
KAN8* i< discharging at Of leana whnrf, too* of Wall st. f J"
liguf't will please attend to the receipt of their foods im vj' i
Mr- _ I9 Mr
lt? A n i ILK. Li JlRA It V \ s . \ - it,
i 9 Mi 11 11 Librsi \ i 11 .. ft lendl t
ml* pendent Liberal Ti'ket. headed Jo u T. Koiliusf. r j \
de,i*. and Henry Ii frail for Vic* President art n quested yiP
ret at Jane's Bee^nd Ward Hotel, ou Monday nest, th? Siesi
k. j4- 21 ta M , |
Lh OK TliL bfcN.M tul'ON. i lOOSM. < ' !< IV I i a I I
i'i'falo,%n I all the safet\ fund h?nk*. also St Lawrence Mr I
B ?nd all toe tree or r*?l h<wk banks iu this Mtate takeu at ir '
?r easfimeres Testinft. flannets.hc. at the lowett V' <
pr?ci at i:i CHetii.wchitreet7uc*r CblsL till linn' J ii
MIMBIDll,
PARK TIIKATKK.
IfIS EVENING, Jan. Il-Tli' perform .uce will comuietica
'.VHAT WILL THE WOULD *A ? ?
iidN?rwow?t Barr) I''apt Tartad ddtr Plac.dn
Mji..in Maylty Vu naluuau
Aftfr vi hirh
LaCracovi<nne, by Mm* Turuhuii
'I'.i he Idlfoweij by
CHARLES THE SECOND.
"har'e* II, Mr. Frederic**. Earl Hnclieeter. Wheat'ey.
i.ad> Urn, Vlisi Peloid. Mary t "opp, M;? Knight
Bin. t il ?u cent*?Gallery t> auli.
Ilivi'i ien at S?, |erforoiaiireconnacm ea a' ? o'clock.
CHATHAM THEATltk.
JESDAY EVEN I.NO, Jan. 11?The perfo rm tore* will comrneore
wilh
SETH SLOPE. or DOVE FOR A HUNDRED.
Set)i Slope, Mr II II An 'inlna U > d> . C. Mrataycr.
lally Simper. Mr?. I'hor; < Einilt Le- ?ou, Mia? Kuliy.
Alter which
YANKEE PEDLAR
firam Dodge. Mr. Hill. Colon. I Biutuni. V. J one tun,
diet Naucy, Mr*. Herbert. Dinah. V i? E j iiu.
T? conclude with
THE GONDOLIER.
iiHtardo. Mr. Kirhy. Raphael. V.'Johntou.
aUriua, Mra. '1 home. BUch Di \' itcouti, Mr* Herbert,
Olai at..aula .?'! ten ?d tie nut. Pit It) OMlarf Ltr
'on, rr.o t, at tl: C'lr'an riee* al Tt pre-ne'i
BfTTCIIREaJa'S OLYMPIC TCKATHB
'ESDAY EVENING. Jan. 11?The perl .r:aa.?ct(wiU eRr
ineart w ith
I St*.
mminlci Mitchell I Fan*r Mr* Timm
T? ne follow ed I V
HAMLE r Tit AVES1 IE
itnlcl Mitehell I Oari. k Aim* SiuglatCD
Alt*'which.
THE HAPPY MAN.
11> conclude wrjth
THE UKEEVS OWN
apt Summeraile Ho:hc..?tlr | Wdliain Biilinsra Graham
Laurell* Mm? Singletou
Admi??ion?Dre?? circle tcreun l.'pper tmri u cents. fH
I ceula. Private bone* hS
Dour* open al half r'H ?;i. Curtain ri.et at ?*? ?>
ARCADIAN < l;it
Xo iV) Bletcktr flint
(Under the direction of Mr. 8 W "'HONK I
HIS EVENING, Jan. II?the enlt r.ai,, i.euu will com
niece writh a yam!
WALT/ A ND htap. ENTREE!
ttlurihg aud Oymnttlice, "eiiihitinj! a i . -tj u( graceful
Gyniuaatic I'eth
K,[ it -Irian Hero, li/ da?ter Stephen*
niuic Sony. VIr. By rue*, Piale Splnni c. Vi Sand*.
Graceful Allemande < n two llur?e*; be- "1 * G dim and
and Mr. Rijelow.
llr nnd Lofl) Tumbling hv the I'otnyaij .
Domic Sony hy T.U liooih.
Inter niitiou of lifteen tnin.l *
The ft coi il part wi I comiiunce v it ii 11. - Tw < H.-rtr Act.
Herculean Kent* on Tir ki*h( olunin. b) Mr Bib low.
IV.......... I A.I h Mo I 11111 in
ie Hisn^arinu '.'ou-ii * will give their Hon in -?nil Italian PyrIrainire*
of celebrated Alic:eut Warrior*.
Hcrub Treaeury Speech,b) Vlr. i'.tt Booth
A (irarid S?t-To, between H. It,ml) and I Woodhu'l.
lim-AlonE-Jorev , menc* of heel and toe lij Mrs Motley.
I'he Indian on hit Prairie Steed, by Mr. Stood.
I'lia whole to conclude with a Laughable At' riuece called
BILLY BUTTON.
5oort open at a .putter pad (; jrsrforir. luce to commence
7. Hoi" SO ret I, (tit iS celila.
AMKKICAN ltHHhl .1l,
Corner liiitmliivty ami Ann street.
LAST WKEK OK THE INDI AN?.
iIan?Kcr and Director, Mr I". T. Barnuin
The manager ban | le*?ure in announcing that he ban effected
cDg'tgt ineul with the celebrated and aceorr nhahed danaeuae
** >1 U William*, tavorahly known through <ut the United
alee aud Canada!, .e La ('elite < elette.
\ large company of Indian Warrmrn aud 'I ir S.juawa. will
ubil thur unaj | loacbable and itnordin iri pantomimic
iretenlatinu o| the Ml'KuKIl OK MISS Vict KEA.
They will aleo go through a variety ol trr"fi |*-rforinauceg.
Mm with Mr JENKINS the celebrated teuor infer and
liuealor of Yankee e< ccntricitiee. Aud iikewnewith the
lowed ALBINO LADY
lienor Martiolle ?ill eilohit the wond. .1 and beautiful
ALLAN KANTOt < IM.
I'he nplendid CCISMORAMA w ? enitr-'t , I. mged on the
of Jauuary.and will lie changed regular!; ou the firit ol
ry iiiouth
'rtucipalg of School* and th. ir pupil* ah: tted on liberal
mi.
Admittance to th' V n? 1 .11 t e eu'Ttaiuineute, 2J
it*. Children'ind> r 11) ) rare f age half price. j 10
BUWKKY A MI'll JTIIKATK*.
.Vo Hour, i t
UHEAT ??'( i E** Oh MM TURNER.
ONI LAY EVENINO Jan. ! ?Toe perlatance will comConoitence
wilt, a nW 'litre. . entitled
TOURNAMENT ENTREE.
Frate of Hortemm.?hipb) 'l V luiuar
Negro dauctng by tnc uuntalled Maattr Dtaii.oud.
Mr Hand* will inlrtaluce an iv.peeiug Eg'ie,trtau Act.
vauliiug by the w hole . ?mp* ay
Matter Riv.ee', alwie wonderful performance* defy degipticu
Hornemanehip by Mr Buikley.
t 'omir Hong by vlr it.a Ah
The celebrated Hiver* Kantily go Ihroug their much ad
irvd feale of (Jyiniiaaia.
I o r<mrh dr will)
TUB COBBLER OK BAGDAD.
During the evening 4 v.riety of otter enteruiuments
J (Kirs open at ?l? performance ( ommeucra at 7
Holes 68 cents. Pit a5 cents
rt,? aaimals iielotigirf to the Zoological Institute, will b?
eu for exhibition during the holidays. Entrance No. 17, in
iryslie-st. AdmisaiooUmiIi.
M U S I C. ?
fESSRS. SCH.NEIUKK k UEBHI N, director*
1 of the well known German Band, be: leave to liifqra
i fashionable society of New York, and its vicinity, IMt
sir full and effective Band, constatuitr of twenty insL-umenperformers,
ia now ready to attend private par tin, aoireeg,
. They have all the lateat and moat popular Waltvee, Colioua
ami Galon* of the celebrated composer!, Leaner,
reuse and Labitzby. and wRI attend either w ith two inatru>
uta, viz: Violin and Pieuo/orte, or any number that may b*
itiircd. All tavors will lie promptly attend".' to by apply
at Mr. KltANTZKKE'S K eir Store 5?s Broadway, what*
dies .ml Gentlemen ere rei)ursted to msiect the moat apJaa
assortment of Kurt. Kkina. t ?i>? and tiobea. i vt r offered
he rite uf New York ii*t ?mia*
MUSIC.
[ES8R8. O. WEISS k t.KAHM, trrir:.?r? of the G*r
1- men Musical Society, beg Irave to ini.ir.i tna tajhion
e society uf New York and its viciui y tnat they bava
med a full and effective band of metriian utal performer*.**
entv in uumber, if rryuirid Tliej have all the ftisliionabi*
a Walzes, Galops, and < >tslIioist ol the " Irbrated cocipo*.
Strauss, Lanurr Labitrky, Mneard and other enuuest
ifeseors. and holu themselves in re?din?" to attend privoM
tics, soirecz. kc. They will attend with tvo instruments,
din aud piano forte, ami any additional number that may b*
[tiircd. ravura willbe promptly attended tj by end vine at
music store No. 413| Broadway,end a' trtir lesideueesNo.
itelanrv etreei. jl ua
r. W b OhK SA< ItP.L> Mt*TC HH I -TY?The Orv
torii of DAVID AND GOLIATH, composed by tbe
evalier Neukoium expressly for Mr Br d am. and adapted
ireasly to his sty le and voice, (Mr. Hrahvm as David) will
performed on Tueaday evening. Jan. 11. at r te i akeniacle.
I lias a i Ti:n . lursisiMib
ter of David Mr? Strung
cat, ilaugl ter of Saul .Visa Pearson
1 id Mr Bra hem
liatl Mr A Kylr
il Mr J 8 Masset
alhen .Mr R Muneo
lb I'tieat Mr W D Com#
sscugi --A Mr uibe
'horns i'f Shepherds, Wnrriois, t evitel?male and femalt
riulauts?by,members of the Society,
ifltr end I ouduc or Mr U C Hil
ranist Mr Harnsas
he orchestra will be large, consisting ol nolins. violas
ible basses, violiuct llov, horns, tmml ' V ?. clarionet!#
s.cleos, bassoons, trumpets, oy licclciili . harp, cymbal#
luesegong. iimiwe Un m#. tec tee.
'iefcets $1 rnch. to be had at flit music * or*?. at (he hook
re of I>?ytou k 4ns too, corner of Kalton ;th?l N MMftU, Hale's
ws Room. Wall street, of ilie HferrfHr) of the Society, ami
he door, on the evening of performance w f re also books of
words wi;| be for sab.
[eirih' rsaudsubscribers will recet * tlrir t'cketi by apply*
i<? J A 4|wirks, Hecretary. Ill Nattiu str'Ct, where peri
wishing to become members or subscriber f inaj applyoor?
wilTbe oMfted at o'clock, and th* i^rlormnuce will
mi. 't ;li past 7 pre*no l\ js 3;*
KW VOiiK so< ikty LIBRaR* . i nd Strict
of hlocuti >n*ry Headings and liecitaii tn?. by Mrs. A. C.
WATT, w ill be delivered "ti Thursday etching, January
, 1841, prrfac d by introductory reuurks. Toconnnaace
all past jeveti. jn gin*
R. w m K i / - it respectfull> ilium- Ins friends
aid I tie public ihut he has return* d to this city, which he
nds to m<ke his future residence, and will be happy to take
is for the Vnuvi aod t'lauo Porte. Terms moderate. Ads
14 Hubert ,reet_ St. h hn's t? pure. In*
IHTWKI.I.S OPODKI.DOt , wlii' .nidrred b,
Hi* firm Iti) aiciMK in the U. A. lo br th ?>ry bf?l com
Hon in eiiitenc* for llteumatifm, Is, ' luibUinn,
1>I?J ll.ib'U,,Cramp, Numbn.f*. Weikneen -f l.iirhe.ela.
15. It ia three tiin*? the atrength of an; oihir kind. Be
and a?k for Wbltwll'i Oyode dor. ?tid rm-irr ?o otter
to y , ii wifh toprove the truth of the reirirk that
'Pleaeure u a? grraf
tff bring cheated u to chf'it
7~ Trire as cent*. ? _ . _ _
dd at VVti' lerale and Retail by A.B k D saud?. Drag
i. .No.71 and 100 b ultou atreet; Hand1- ,-iOf and Co., No.
ait Bciinla ir ; Abr'in B Aandi Si C7 No. UTS Broad
. corner ef Cham her alreet. A Ifo. for file r? above, tho
ROMATIC M .M ? ' tor Meadarh- MM < atarrli, romd
i>nnci|>aMy o( root,, ahruhe, and r*t or.-.-i.thd by Dr.
orhoiiae. late Prolefior of Cambridge Uuiveraity.
f Prir.afreaU. dll]lMawlOW
lr. ll.ti.NHt'-Ktiieettully aanouii ' ' >* tadief aiui
rei tlenieo <d New Vork that they will i, >? their firtt
<r. at .he I ity Hotel on W.doeiday ttcui'ig, January 12.
?'
ill K ?Tii* I r*aideut and Direct or, oi ' To .Sew York
nil Albauy Hail Knad f ornpany, lilte d to -ii'ly to th*
liture of tliia Stale, at the enviing Cot an amend.alteration
aud eitrnaiou of lhecharbr-.il theiaid comwfVnrfc.
Not, lg. l??i. nig law Iw
MO ME Y TO
KA.HAV I. JACKSON. Pawubroa-r. 38 f-,de etroal
iear Proadway. Inane money in large o- .tvvl tume, at
' reiilirid, on tier* i pen de.ccitlj**. if
j. pease & son's
ore hound candy,
K iiftdersignei! have used Messrs. J IVase A Son's CUriK#4tiice
o( H' rehcMind Candy, sod ca.i rccoinir.end it
mgi ciI('n,H r-eii'ss. HfT'-ctioii* ?f the lurigs, kc.
? Mr ( raiiieiio. I'etrftor ol the M K ( hur# Vorsythst.
r Vr laiissl-' >*. i'.twi. r i f M V. Chun ii. > <i St.
r Mr H iw ley, No.'JdCroiby st, Pattor it t" ' ity llosr
Mr Dsvit Newsrk, N J
r Mr I in nil. iti Pr sd st Newark. N J
r Mrl uckey.l'C New Yftrkt onfe'euc*
? Mr Ve?i, rn<! tle. ISrookly n.
r Mr <?riir?n. I'n?t >rol M C Church, Bedford it.
i Mr Whitnker, iNsforol P Chur<'i cuiuer of Citherioc
Iftriinoh sts.
r Mr Hsr?. pAitor f II (. hurch, (told s'
r ?'r K*llofp r*r^nt Pailur M K Church Willelt it.
Mr L'alH'l* Buffalo.
en?ild s dd hff y ithTs of the most re?p*.-' ^hle clergy men
. . ( , . . ,,r , .... I. |<| | I'-ai UIBHIllIf
cki'iit ml nl rlie . fflmry i f I. P"" * H >o'? HornH
?') . rmuiifurturod ??d 10I1I. wholf?*li and rcUil, at
r in ion ?f.
f..It ? mi ?r* onr >M*ti ?g*nU
<i W l* ' [<Jii k No s Btain *c boftin. M.v?
(J B Zn b?r. " Un'-h !, Plulnil'liit 11. P%.
I )t. b. 11ii. N<> 110 Baltimore *1, B?!t morn. Md
r? J I I urm 4c Co. No 13 KldiNT f't (Cf. Nf * Oo
Un
irt Dub..n* k'"o. Mobil*. Ala.
i \Vii?h w^nl.Bt. Lmn. .Mo.
Tob?y I nn-iunali, Oliio
r? llai tUiiil. Hartncn h Alien. Char!r*t?n S C'
IVin fO v.il1 in tiro'il ?t, Newark. J
IV N ||. Iili t in. L,' ii*' ill*. Ky.
*i?re*v T?ll*r Octroi!, Mieh.
i* 111 k bi ""i"-.!!*. biirliuKton, Vl.
itli ny, N*? HntaOtM.
I 0?it*r Holtnioii'l V? ... ,, _ _
nlr iik it) lor k Wm Kitdtfr. \\ a* n^ou Oiljr 0 <*.
' Wk li r' i'rotidmc*. K I.
I B i i?t?f "?t*.rr*|ci miry-Ali.
I %* > tin- KajctU'lt'*,?.' C
. i. i i?. <t? tiv* ?. D f . .
H M-mC Fr?il-r b* -f' Va
* inp yivn k -V , VVr.?c i:i|, V?- J*"L'Kr.Nt 11 LANULAO-?MA.SKSt'A ?YSTfc>l.-fl? I
-I * >?rrh" i? ow mini 1 ? * '?nl ?v? nu g or'le
** - i < xu ltnitu w uini'K to : la will |uc?i nail imo-e- \
t'i r ai'kllCnlkiU t? I
L. MANESi A OVR AND, 93 While it.
N n ?r-,v t i..?ttur iou .ad UJtte tin#?r? during the da)-,
jV ?'* _
\\ 'ATC11 Ll)ST.-$U Rrwani?Lwl ou bat*.May alter
** iu? n in. jig from Kulton itreet tn Haminereley itreet,
by tl <)), a n.t g do watcl al inched le*?r. jtwelleJ, Tobiae
m?k*r, with .oUd .1 The hnuer vil receive th" above rew-i
d and the t'-auUvof the owner, fty leaving it.it Ttiomu
BeliV iortl -u ?t- :e. '2 Ann .treet ,iud 115 Fulton tired.
il0 3t*
ylltVMKN's BALL.?The BnU hi aid of the New York
* Flrr f)cp.| tmt ii! Fund, will take place at the P*rk Thea're,
OH Monday f *eDing. Jan. lint. Tick*-!.* f?.v ;5 tawS*
NO 1 l? h ? The aubtcriferr i? i eduetLff hi- laiy" cuaeitmeiil
Ht uuusiully hr.v i>ilcr?. meh .?s mu?t s*l who wi#h
to purchase auy -articles, either in the saddlery *Ld coach busi*
Le?<.:?ml narticul-irly the follow inff articles
Wtkkiov: thread bill#, ?hrru^*. bell*
Pa'ent leather, R clo?n b?>ws, Unips, kuobs, I
Lace*, tack* rob? *, bucket*. hiuges, a*le4,
spring*, castings, Jkc. JNO. iv MMhK*
i 18t?w a?n iy y.i<>>r>lLreiflj
TlMBKH FOR THK f. * DKV ?>oi K BKUhKLYN.
I Settled Pr p- J* v? ill he received ci 11??- rh. * f me v"** I
vy Agent, Xtw \ mk, until the lit day at April l?>rlurn?h- | ,
ltgat the T. -v Nary Vitnl. BrookIvu.ihe following tinker | ,
pUnk tar the foundation* d the Dry 1 ?? %if'~
4f'c hi nice piles <?f length varying r?<m - ??"t lo average
uol )e*? th?u 3h I'wt ; and t he u< i .?* tn ?i? 11 ana to
average 'it le.t.t \: inches in diameter, 1 lett Irom the butt.,
exclusive of the bark.
13 000 linea! fe?t white j ine timber, I -.t aquar* lor tlonr tim
* b^rs. . ' .
13.000 'ineal fie? \ Vie pine J- 1 I >ot by 1 foot J inches . ire
for lloor timber#'. .
241 . ow fee t r?. . ro nu . sure of 3 w hile pine plank for lloor
i ng.
7" *00 fret t> .r?l ntasure o! inch yellow pin* punk for slice!
pihnsr.
AM the above timber tud i lank to oe of perlecCiy ? uud and
durable (quality ,
The spruce piles be a* straight as r ,n he pioc.ired and in
all moeeta \ r? ?.*? d for sharpening and rtrn iuy.
The white , ??* limber to be free from shake* and large
kn its?to he ?-.i a ' i! straight and square edged lo the di Tensions
above' iven. md of the fotowit g Ui.gtb*. \ t . oue hallo!
?rt h h't to be in sucks 99.95,90 ami 31 t??t In u The remain
it t half of #11". lot III stick* 31 37, 40 a lid 4o feet I >ng.?the
? :i.i er "I line al !ctt Of eath length t?? he n-? triy the *a" e
The white pineplank to be tntiraly fne from l?rgt knoli?
s?. arc edged?in lengths of 01, 94. *7 30, 31 or. - feet?touve
not less than 27 feet, uud iu widths Irom 10 to 13 toaie
i ge not less thai i d.
i'lie yellow p.ne plunk to b- .ttriigiit and ? pure edged, suitable
f,?r driving a* sheet i ilmg iu lengths ol 1 or *26 feet and
ii. \vi 1 tli from 10 to 19 iuche#?to avtr-g* uo : lest* ihuu 13 in4P*?
All the nb \e tim1- cr ami |dauk to bedelivarek on such wharf
i v. harfa within the Navy Yard a* may he desigutt* d by the
Kt ginrer ofihe Dry Dork subject to the inspection and approval
of ?uch pern on as he may select.
The pil' * to be oi liyi i - .1 in such luantitie* ami at such times
be:v ecu the Is* day of July aud the nth day ol October hb
may t>? required by tne Navy Agent, lie giwn? not less than 6
V eeks notice
The white j .up timber li> be delivered bet wren th?- Ut day
cf September and 31 t day of October, anu
l im white aud > ellow pine plank between the 1st October
ami -0th Now :r. .>< r.
Thepriooa.! w.d state the price per stick for the piles?
pei i uSic foot for t! white pine timber, and per loot boa d
r.-attire, for the .id 5 pine plauk.
Tli?* richt i? rr rrved to aaaigu h.-sa Mivn the whole quantity
of ew:h kind ol timber to any one Didder?and nffera will be
received /.-r any portion ofeitherkind.
I'n ,o?al.ito ulorsed, " Pro, - il- forTin?ber, for Dry
Dock. Brooklyn
N. Agent's odice. New Vork, Iu . 3d. 184*2
UOBKKTc. \VKTMOKE. Navy Agent.
jl SUwtAtet
\4 A n A \/f DL^tn I
luxxxy.v^ujij iiiju JL uijij.
I'HYSK'IAN. Ofhc? and residence Hi Or*en
wich street. -v here she can be consulted with the strictest
?onlid~t>ce on .til complaints incident to the female frame.
M tdame Kestell's mode of treatment m -t!i casts of irrcgu
larity or suppression of those functions of nature upon which
the health < t every female deptuds. is such as ta re?juire
hi" .4 lew days to ellcct perfect cure. Ladies deairiug proper
Die IicaI attendance luring confiuetnent or ot.ier indisposition,
will be accommodated during such time with private and re
pectable board. "Preventive Powders'1 for married ladies
whovr delica*e or precarious health turbid* 4 te?o rapid increase
of family, will he . ent by mail to any par,of the United States,
Pno. J,j a package. All letters (post paid) addressed to 'ho*
M" N. Y. c,ty,' "iil! l>? received.
Boston Office No.7 Riff it. d7 tin*
DR. MORRISON.
N'OHTH HIVh R DlSPKNSAUY. 201; Fulton st. near
tsreenwiii;. Dr. Morrison, Member of tin? Royal < olIrge
of "1'irK* us, London and formerly Surgeon in the Bri- I
lis 1 N*vy, c?-uii * * ics to he rousulted daiU* oh all diseases of 1
a delicate nature, and all those di?ti esslft! **> mptoms rouse <
quent on 1 injudicious treotnieut and the imprudent use ?*f quack
medicine* Dr. M. lias had an experience of 22 years in treat 1
lug delicate di?* ises mall their various ?nd com plicated forms,
and uses a mild, s.ife. and iiifal'iole fruhstilute for mercury, 1
eradwating the vcneical virus with fertainty, without subject*
lug the patient ft .?:?y risk,or restricting fun.111 his usual diet
or pursuits, while h s medicines are agrerabh m taste and
1 '
l ON8TITUT10 VAL DRBIL1TY ?Thousands of young
men ire suffering from the consequences of indulgence in a 1
ecret destructive habit, and white nerves are further in* 1
jiireil from the use 1 I nostrum.'* and pretended specifics, which 1
tin "lair only to induce greater depresiiou Ur M. treats on 1
purel) pathological principle*. and never fails in *stablistuug 1
a cur**, alro the most obet'inate yield to his plan ol treatment 1
Letters i?ost paid, and coutaiuung a inula if lee. will ensure 1
the correspondent full adtice and medicine to any part of the
Union, by his giving a history of his case in detail,
j inr 2011 Fulton it. 1
ARTIFICIAL TEld'H.
ARTIFICIAL. TKE TH?Without Clasps Ligatures Sic,
Tkfrom a sih^i tooth to h fuli and complete ? ?. mi the pria* j
ciples of atmospheric pressure, by M. LKVKTT, Dentist, |
*260 Broad way, corner ol Warren st . ,
(From the Ne w York Commercial Advertiser.),
A friend at ? ur elbow requests ut t" notice some teeth he
had i iscrtrd by Tr Levett, of No. 260 Uroidway, and Instate
his entire sat-nf ictiou.n >t only with regard to the teeth them hen.
but the maimer in which tluf delicate operation was J
periorined.
Dr Lev*tt hat b-rn too long before the public as the iutro* .
<lu. er of th* * Atmospheric Pre sure Principle,r to require a '
yliable from us
Copy i f a Utter from < ten. Duff Green to M. Levett.
Baltimore, Sept.22, 1841. ,
Mr Levett?I write at the rr pi'gt of a friend for whom you j
n ujr a sr? of artificial teeth, t > say that they have gireu en*
tir# ?4li.fiirtiipi'. c.iith.t vmir i rinrinl* .it* alii ^ink*pii* nmi.
lure i* fully verified. I feet a duty to y*?u and to a jch ** may
gUr.d in need of your ?!>#? ional seniccs tor* commend them
to ynu. Vour obedient servant, DUFF GREEN.
jt lm* M I.EVKTT .: Br"--?dway.
ft / W \i \ 1? KN^- l'ak?-u Iroiu < ?t |? ?! iugnipf<i in u,i&
4 O nty. Forsale. in lots to suit purchaser* by
the Butchers Hide Association, corner 3th street and 1st Aven
i? dSS lot*
Tn K PR1NC lFLfcB OK >1 I 1 I A L i .N.m.KaScil.
roMfitf n WITH A STOCK CAPITAL. ?% T UK
J At KSON MAHINK INSURANCE CO *VAS V of the
city of New York?Capital Stock $30u 1C0 ?This I ompiny
hant j by aun Uiitri is \ote of the Board ol Directors, and Ifte
isriUen consent >1 .? vrry Urge majirity * f the stockholders, |
ad pted a hye-law, to take effet t ou the first of January uest,
tt. et af'er the payment to th st ckholder* of .?.n annual inter- |
est uf seTiuprr cent on the mr.oiut of their capital stock, out i
pf th* uiterrs: ju-,miiu^ ou the inve?tinentof < iid estilal stock, f
%u-i th?* preiniuo g rece ived by the said c xiipauy, toe btUuce l
pt net profits eh ill be invested in * Safrt) Fund, to be set .
It-Ait old separate (run tlie other loud* ef the company;
Which fund shall belong lothe st< ckholders of said c> mpauy, x
|nd the persons and firms who ihall have paid the premiums ,
tcinp. King said i refit*. and lor which a cert heate may be is- ,
|io-1 transferable ou the books of thecon<ptny which ce'tifi- ,
fate w ill eolith h? holder thereof to the interest annually, j
tiiit ir.) be nride on the investment of said fund?thus giving
tf?- pai tea iitikuii lusuriuce at this office at 1 the advantages
*crived from the Mutual Principle, and giving Do the auditiou
1 se un'y lurnishtdbv the ? .piUl stock of the company. (
Th rates of premium will be as favorable as that of any
other csnPHuy- i
DIRECTORS.
Simeon Baldw in, C. Wiutbrop Gray,
Justin Hariis n, Charles KneeUnd,
Win. W. Tod?i, Kdward Bement,
Joseph F<mlke,Jr. Samuel Bycrly,
dmbn t H Ale' urdy, John B. Latala,
^Pkseil Btebbius. Samuel I.. Mitchell,
win. Augustus While Henry W. Bar stow,
Jasper Orogveror, George t olling,
Anthony B Nulson, George Y 1 nomas,
Ausou G. Phelps, Silas K Everett,
< hirles Brugure, 1 hotnas W. Gale,
James G. stacey, Thorn aj P. Stanton,
Dennis Perkins, Lathrop I. Stargn.
SIMEON BALDWIN". Pregideut.
J IT STUB HARRISON, Vice Pregideut.
/tlLIAM W. Dibbi r?t. Secretary.
* A stateiaen* showing the investments of the capita! stcck,
li 1 be open for ihc inspection of any person wishing to do buhi*.**
with the ' oinpany. U lBB#
D O C T O R 3 E L L .
D JI TOR BELL devotee h.i ixrt.iail att.ttiontdaily until
" P M ) to the removal of private JieeMre iu every etay.
At. - iiaderprotrstcteJca?e?.^)tgr*t?teJor un'ict-nfj
If i .by iiie\j*iiruceJflr|>r?ff>ii.'.? i r.ititionfrt ; ?ho?.!?
b"- unlertM. Jntmli'ttficli of ni.r<.ur, or qusr?
lr - <ml *l|Mfhc.?u?i>eellh? r?maiiu of di.cojelurlinf id t:
?y< may cua.ult l-r. B. a)way? wvt. s jra ir?ut?r of oar?.?
OT/- I'Ti i.!. i t.ti :o|il.tn>t| iniirriM., vi iii 'liv. o,.\ til. pokf
d'.Uc.t* Jn, .,??,uiay coaiult ?r Br!l with hononbl*
eoua.itiice F- ! t r,ml?tt.r?,d?iicrit>ia/tiiec??r o.rp?rK>niil ,
mil,: ,ui:c.h?vehit ..romtitattcutios. Ur.BA ?r.?ti!>?nt n??rr i
cipo,*,to uipic^u..ad ii w,!lkoowa to b- iiWe ami ;'rma
B?at.
CV- Pri?*u otlic?? i COURTLANDT 8TREST. two
do m ;i . . ! in*
COl NTRUKKIT
FEMALE MONTHLY
1? I L L S.
OV\'l"<0 to t! t cet '.iity. - !<< ..) iicci, n! '
Mail 111. I Mt? ir. K< II.at. M ItMjr !Y r .... ,>l <
irrmulinty, ?'Har' ??io?. Or ?toj . i^r nl iu,? fuoctMiu* ol 1
tutor- v;, ?n wtinh tiie hvaltli ol ^i,ry ffn.ai? d?p?i.U. .inc.
th- ! ' uitr' aliictinu lulu the Uuitrd im? about four yrat? t
COtiutrrlrlta a it imitation* are continually *tteini/i*,l to be
pilm?d ?>tf for the friiuine. t heap rnnunou t ill* are | irch? t
a?d ,t twelve a Imii, |>nt u 1a ilitfei.i t'? d cVI.J
ale Monthly rille," with the ohj 'rt of >-1lum il i? ??iulr t
,t o.i'd tlar Fem.ilee are Uieiefore cabin tied ajtaunt tbe?e I
Bt'ci yta to iinia ae ui < n them. It n ?ulf,rient h?rt ? ,ia*e '
tta." ill K'ltut M Hint)' Pi I la are counterleit. .icept thai,*
aolii ?t Kt.iH Trincip, Office. I'4 tlr.*owiefiat.
Pt. n- Vurh. nnl > i T K.?,ev .lieet B wtoii Prt"* $1
h" 11une Kretell'a eifutture l* written oq the cot er of tach
bo i
IS' f( Themarried.uwdrr ?otne Cirk>im?taiieaa,mu?t ahatain
fro- i t r 11**' f i r " . i t , ? i* i *)r *' 11 - : m
M|{* M. >' UAH I.NI li'S I NDIA > rtALwA >1 Lirerwort
and Hoar hound ha* gained > iini reputation lor the
tx.i H congha, ro >l? and all Siomitoe I.ong#. whooping
eo'i<h. i nthiaic. ?o. e tnr?at, li?ar complaint# Xc. it ha# hern
it riioirnr u?r in Boaton lor the t>a#l ten j ear*, and i* now
rei . III 111 r tilled by the oetliinl faculty. It ia well known t? be
tli' mat | reparation ior the cure oj e< ti(ha < ?er introdiireit to
tile An. rieao public III* no |i?aoK meoirine, t r erid.u. r of
it# *tf "*rr, rend the direetnm# what tbi# balaam halftone lor
V i. ||iml(D,i I llir Builon. ten Yirk rid Philadelphia
r.(i \Uo \mo? Vetaler, I li"in? H-?kim. jr , K. Horion
P .rid Walerbury, and Mr. !. Howard, hr* pl?e?* of
patoience on the lUrectioua. b or aale iu Boaton by M. Brown,
M Washington *treet.
feoid in New York at wholesale and retail, by A B X I)
?A MliS. druggi**, TV ami 100 Knit on #traet Uaeid Sand# It
o- TT r'aat Breadway ; Abi'm B ^ai.d# X Co '2T.i llroad^
FASHIONABLE i*OUT?."
Tli rl ib'H!rib*r return* h?? linccre thank* to hi* f :mdj.
customer*, Mini the public aeaeraily, lor the liberal patron
af which they hart i?e*towc?! <>o hiir. *Hite i.u commencement
ia bu*i i' *?, ati?! *a*tire* Ihaoi tW?i u hiu* on Mi i'*rt *hall I*
Wtii' to went 4 coutiuuaxjc# ot (in nm? Me h a* succeed'd
ia a*hliti o to hi* present *.?< k iii oat-umng. at coattdTibl* ,
W*ptn#e tor hi* Kail nod Winter tr?de ? |.?t of the * ery best (
qui? j - ! Yreach Calfskin, wi.ich |nr ? Ht&ea* 4nti JurmOility
CtDJOt oeciceliiwi. He hii ?? <> on h ?u-i 4 quantity of water \
pro >1 Ktiglinh aole leather, which he r*?i rrc>rvr end -1 a an- t
ptrior article for cork and J<wMt ?ei? water proof boot*.
He w mid *1*0 ?tite that he tak't ir?a io?j? of the fret, tad ,
Haj '4*1$ made to suit r ?r h cmtoiMf OeutUmrn wh.> |
k? dean ??> to obtain mipei ?or boole. and i| odtk, art respect
iLk^i'i tn1'^'?*"f '^'I'A K R H4 Br^adwar. ]
100,000 SST/rarVr^'rVand-g from .krp
fforuia. and for #ale kg .. ..... ? . I ,
ar in M. HAD'H " it | I
rvOAL?ltw I. aa upertor t-irnv^itTrTer^^Ki^ort^^S ' t
?hip Koanaa,far rale by
oH t. A COLLINS x CO. a Senth o*. I
h
?
\oTlt h i* Hereby until,thtt Ithe folio* tfctf ""lock C ertfe
iic.it*>* ' ivf I? on ctoVn in Germwy, it hr
(erroiie uti the eie u| e.. I.iatiu>: '.o the LuHcti where. ]
in *li \ robabmiy. they l attnii, t to*'? tiate trie Mine All
person* re cautioned not to {urcli???* the rum*. kj n.en
? t#> |i o ? I)?r:i t*k<eu ta j-lop r>i** rnent ! the couj oq?. or iu?
leif?t *>> ] yriurii 1 whm due, lit
i?i 4i>? <rud b llterfelil lUuro*U bono#. with conpoua t >
Ir; t SO Bnud* oi 100 rii ioiur* each. No. aiSI to ill40, No
102 to 1*21 N "74 U 40o3; No 5l)el to 50*40.
K>.*m ih S p? r < ?*ut PoihU with Hour 5t Co. of Anutcr^.m.
4th bun. tiiur hoii N <>i jour'aolm encn. No. 53e6 to No. 508o
vrtfhout coupons.
11 ?no% eri.?u 5 yer cut BouiUof lf>30. wkH coupon* to 1045.
\ ? lo s: tlm-e bun is of 1000 ru dollar* each; No. 156
V? 961 A. N ?. 2'?l 11, three b. u.j. of 50* n* dollar * each.
Bond* of I'm**!an Loan o' H30, sit 4 percent it; King) and.
Willi CiHj|?. ih.; 13 buutU ol ill 10 earh. No. U0 , UU, 1516.
???4, !tf77, 9696, l?.D?9, 16.344 to 15.349.
siioiiM .my ?>| wie above boud*b<s offered fur sale. peraoi&a
to whom they may broiled >tk requested to *tt.p the *aine
tu?l gtfe notice to O. Inch* ^ Krui:? r, 4*2 Br ad ?irert. win
will Rive the nictssary *>curity, ?ud p*y alt reason ible t\
[irncea, on recover) o! the whole, or any part theteof.
dgj lm'
\f A RTIV VA V RFRFV
OK LATE years it wan generally remarked that Martin Van
Bit mi was always placid, gentle. and good nature!. Triumph
never excited. or defeat depressed him, hut he always
let led perfectly at hip ea?e:and when the
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
went against him. he took it as calm as a summer morning. In
Ivort n 'thine could lulllt him. Now. gentle reader.,the reason
of tin* was thit he was a constant patron of I'ETr.K'S
PILLS, which have such a niarvrt'oii* effect in haraionicuir
he system, that no man who lakes them can have bad Mood, or
be influenced by auger, passion, sorrow, deep nr. and a host of
otlier rvilstr??t flesh (unprotrrted by Pet?r'* PitJs) ls heir to.
hideeed it idiniuistered ifirieur doses, it is estimated that
they w >wl*J make a tiger at the saina time strong aa a lion and
jentl- as a lamb. Wt are le-'. t? t to se remarks by the opening of
CONGRESS,
under the hope that it may induce the warm-blooded members
to betake themselves tothcse nilU. which still en ih!e litem to
go through their labors in a calm paseimiless monner. and thus
i revest suv rej>etition of those scenes of rowdyism whieh
f*ve so often di?gr*ced the national assembly. Jeter's PiHs
*re al6o wonderfully efficacious in the pre* eutioti of
INSANITY.
and altogether the best thing we know for the making ofsound
constitution* and great philosophers.
Peter's Pills may be obtained at his offices 459 Broadway,
corner of Grand,and at No. 90 North Sixth street, f'hiladel
pMi dll Im"
PiliTn C HARD SO N 'S SHERKV WINE B! FTEllS.?
1 * Kicha dsoj's Bitters, advertised in au&thrr column, ar*
ly spoken if in this vicinity by gentlemen who are not in
the habit of drinking bitters, (any more than the good gir! was
of going to meeting ) for the pleasure of it. we nave no
taste for thtse things ourselves, b'lng quite biit^r fnouch already.
without the aid of rue, wormwood or quassia Nevertheless.
if afflicted with the prevalent diseases enumerated in
the advertisement, and ob igod to become either a " pill swatlower,"or
abibbler,we tin old be inclined to call at Grant's,
and inquire the way to " health and strength"ol Doctor Richardson
?Exeter (N. 11) News Letter.
M4IRRY VVi.nk IfiTTKns.?Th? -e are a remedy very highly
and very justly recommended by physicians ;m of great etlicscy
in giving strength to the weak and debilitated. The use of
years has satisfactorily proved their virtues L'ntincturcd by
sHghtes deleterious matter, they eomm ticak the helling
powere of the best medicinal roots and plants Th#y restore,
aud, if not fc?i<) aaide, preserve the whole aniinai'crouoniy in a
st it'- < f habitutl hi altbloess Tbtf uno t bi t.?< Avquiotly
commended to public notice br j-ist encomiums from the prese
[A li &, D. Sands. 79 <?ud 100 Fulton street. Agents
(PC?* In speaking of the excellence of 1 he Sherry Wine Biteers,
of which Messrs. A. B it D. Hands are ac-nts, we meant
those prepared by Dr. S. O. Richardson, of S"Uih R-aiitig.
stia**.??.vt *enai, *.
Sold at who*, sale ami retail, hr A 0 & I). *md*, Druggifts,
79 and 100 Fulton at : David Sand* Si l'?> 77 Kn?t Broad
%% ) Abm 15 DnJi li Co 1 Bf iidw y . ( oddii|too,93T
Hudfon ftrert; Mors. 591 Grand, corner of Cauuo J ?? : Kin^.
64 4 Broway dlfl lm'
INDEED, innumerable are the sufferer* who foolishly ar
deceived when applying to qnackf and pretenders of medi
cal knowledge, and arc (bus bamboozled of tr.eir money and the
precious tiin?\ which might have suffered to alleviate theires
cruciatmg disorder hj the skilful treatn cut of a scientific
practitioner, mi^ht he happy enough to consult Dr. OLIVE,
of I9i West Broadway, near Canal street, wi ere they will ob
lam th* most confident ammsoo sf t sfosdy ond pin?ff
relief, without the pernicious and incommoding use of mercury
1 alsam copHvi, spirits nitre, cufceba. &tc ; reference will also bp
given to many owed of tlie most serlons distempers dl> lm*
RESTAURANT FOR LADIES ANU Gr.NTi.K.MKN,
IV 573 Broadway, opposite Niblo's Garden.?This Kestaurant
is above the Ire (. ream Saloon. Ladies will find, at tliia
establishment, a private eating room, and a hill of fare sopplied
with o cry thing that ihe market can atford?the Subsctitiers
lu>l* by their | unetnality, tiring all lantfaetion to
the pers n that w ill give them their patrouage. Private room
for dinner partus can he had.
All orders received to smd out?diuuer parties.balls, soireel.
be. ornamental pyramid; all kinds parroieof sugar. chars of
liberty. fancy cakes, Charlotte rusfe, jellies, ice cream, blic
a its, glares, boniheg a grt nad.s, the oaly mauutaeturers, Sir.
Un i aud. truffes, pate de foies gras, and the perigueuy, peIII*
pott, champaignrns.
1> antiltea w ill liue, at any time, a variety of dish a ready to
lend out. Their prices will be moderate.
MAGNAN k JULSEN,
jtlm" French Cooks and Confectioners.
T'HE PRIVATE TREATISE.?Tins is a little volume on
i certain diseases in which the best and most convenient
Tie;uis of cure are stated ill the plainest possible manner. It
ilso shows the reasou why these maladies ao frequently codJune
on from month to mouth,unenred. and terminate al length
n other and permanent complaints. Indeed, no one can read
hi. little book without seeing al once their true and real Daaire,
and aiso the risk and danger of trusting them to ignorant
iml hooting people.
With a new. however, to obtain a rational degree of confi
lence in what he has advanced on the cure of those diseases, the
author thinks it proper here to give a si mole statement of the
means and opportunities he himsall has had of lorming just and
dear opinions on this subject He therefore begs to state, that
besides his rank as graduate of Edinburgh, and member of the
Lot.don College, kc he hH been w atching these diseases, both
in Hospital and city practice lor more than thirty years, and
published two editions of a work rvprrssty on them. Also
that he has letters of commendation from the most eminent
physicians in Europe to the trust eminent in America, as Sir
AstU-y Cooper to Dr Mott of New York and Dr Physick.cf
Philadelphia, and others, and which may be seen by any oue
And further, that he has the privilege of referring te almost
ivery phi sician of eminence in this city. These are circum
itances which afford the highest satisfaction to every oue, especially
to those who are anxious to obtain the best advice ?
The price of the book is Fl.
Dr Ralph is cousulled at his residence,88 Greenwich street,
it any hour, aud has distinct aud separate apartments for those
who have to wait a littls. Communications by post are faith
folly replied to ___ dtt 2m*
N THE CURE OF STRICTURE?It is most uulortu
nine iu litis complaiut that many persons have a stricture
who are not in the Irast aw are of it. The common notion
is. that so lougasthe uriue passes in a tolerable stream, there
cannot be a stricture. But this is f. r from true. Astricturr
may. aiiJ ofteu does, exist for months, and even years, without
prodsciug any striking change lu this re?|icet When a stricture
arrives at thai degree oJjjarrewuess as sensibly to imoece
the uriae, it is a serious inalady indeed. The object of lite,e
remarks however, is to prevent this stats, and to attack it at a
tune when M is easily and perfectly removed. But there ate
other circumstances hesidt# its effect upon tl.c urine by whict
s slnotiiM m-j? In- Iftirxwri nr at Udil itrAnvIv iiiant*i*t?><l aur
though these are numerous, there are two which are very commou
and very easily judged of and these shall be mentioned
Mm
The tint oftheie circumstance* relate* to tim*. It u well
inow n that itricturc* arise troin lou* continued and hadlj
treated (sonorrhda Now. whenever flu* disease coutiaur*
iver many week*, especially if in the early period any of the
).lasted nostrum* of the day were taken, there i* ju?t and proper
ground to suspect a atricture.
The net! i* mo*t remarkable?it is the effect a (tnctiu-e ha*
jpon the mind and smuts. This i* a tact that may he I he
roughly relied on. Indeed the author never *aw a ca*e ot atric
lure, (and fte ?er? many every day,) iu which the patient did
not. more or less complain nffffiii In** of ineutal energy?thai
he was not ?o capable of hustiieu* a* formerly The reason if
this, however, is clearly shown in In* " Private Treatise." a
little volume noticed 111 another column of tin* paper, and to
which the reader is referred, not only for knowledge of this
I in ase.but ou every other connected wi(h this subject.
L)K. RALPH fuitlier begs to add. thai lie may be crnsulted
personally a' his residence, No. ej (Jrecnw ich strict, at any
hour , and should any be in doubt as to the evistence of this
disease, especially after perusiug his little volume, he will,
without expense or the least paiu. explain ami assure him whether
h* hav? or not. Let it only be renumbered that, if he rrall)
ha* a slii :ture, not all the mediciua in the world, alone,
will ever run it. dig frn*
rpo BHtvVKUS AMU DISTILLERS.?The subscriber*
i offer for sale all that valuable property, situated in Auburn,
and known ? Watson and Son'* Brewery and Distillery,with
a Dwelling House, oiilbuilJing*. mach , lure* connected
th-tew ilk. Said property con iwoaere*
of land, lying on the toutli side of the ' er in said
village. a brick dwelling house, a dwrlli. -e, a distillery
capable of distilling 150 bushel* ol grain per day i large and
convenient hr'WTV and mall house. Willi two kiln* 21 feet
square. au*e ? ?*?wageTbr 20,000 bushel* of grain, a barn,
sheds, statvio ? ?v- : or 500 hogs, and au office situated thereon.
< oiinecifit wr'?i: ,-'.e dsvtiMrrv and brewery there is a steam
engine ol H h o I* pot tr wnh two rylludras?ample mai hinrry
for grinding i-hI a hit en or rectifying establishment, contain
memo ol Jnhu \V t ig.ii'* patent alcohol copper stills.
l'Ue whole establishment is of a superior kind, well finished
,ml i MMMeal in all its arrangements, situated in a rich and
flourishing grain growing country, is uow in complete order,
and iu full operation.
It I. n nig become necessary to seH the same in consequence
of the decease of H Watson it will be dispos d of at a bargun
One third of the purchase mousy will he required on
the delivery of the deed, and the balanee may be lett on bond
and mortgage for a t?rm of years if desired.
for reference inquire at Win. Leitch's. 7* Hudson street.
New York.or of the subscriber*in Auburn, N Y
JEOKOE r LKITCH,
di? am' 11 ti V. WATSON.
SILVER PLAT* -W.M IHOMSON.liO William street.
' continue* to m vuularture Silver Warr of evi ry description,
of the latest pattern*, and fas uow on haud te a sett* coffee
pots, pi chers cups wallers, forks, spoons, of nch as well as
f the plain'*! stvles. The whole of these artic es, ben, g man
nlacliirud upon the premises, from sterling siver, no j aim or
rvpense will be spared iu the b, ?uiy of the workm luship.
Jl 3m
t*,.Y iti tit KKWAHD will be paid for the arrest and cm,
>ai,UUU victiou of MAl Kit K riT< HER, and the re
overy of Thirteen Thoiusud Kive Hundred Dollari obtained
iy nun Ironi sundry banks in this city on forged checks, or
)ne thousand dollais in his coav iction and One thousand for
he money. or in proportion for any part thereof.
Said Pitcher is about 1} years ol age. 5 feet 6 or 7 -nches high,
i\* a florid complexion axil reddish hair, sore or intliined e> >*.
mdface much covered w illi pimples or blotches It is probable
nat he is accompanied by a ) ounger brother of nearly the same
,eight, about 17 j ear* of age, dark complexion, dark eye*, and
isrii bushy bair.
It IS ascertained that Maurice Pitcher purchased f J.fyl?,-ster.
iu Si w York, a Bill drawn by him on J. Bull. Son k
l n? Loudon, for XI t) -telling, to the order ol .Maurice Vauleorourt.
the payuieut I v. hich ha* been stopped, and the pub
lie are hereby ,. ulmuni g n?l buyin gthe same.
W. PATTON, Jr.Caahier.
? J. B. TREVOR, Ca*hter.
Dvilad-Ipiua. Dec. 10, 1*41. d!5 emllw
LET very tub tiand upon It* own tvottom, *aid * *utin*t ol
the olden time, to some p.retendrrt. who richly deserved
Uie sarcavin?hut ! ad lie lived at ihs i,r..s.,t lenod he could
lata applied it, with more propriety, \o certain tailora, whi
iffiet to traneact huaineaa for caah only, at ro trr cent below
ha pnee* of the reapecUhle mwnberi of the trade.one of whom
raiu Ilhu old caah ay atem.ithat he hu followed for three Tear*'
tint ..poti enrh hoaatunt' Why, CHARLES f'OX attlieairt,
if the tfolden Kleece. corner of Kufton and Naaaau street*
who ha* pur*tied it foralmnat an a^e. n the fattier. literally thi
'afher. of the caei. ayatem ?and. S you talk of ch?apnr?* he
- ran mouth it with ?(* beet of ye"?but that it not nu new?
the matenale. the earellenee of hi* meterial* hi* worilmauihip
uul the aatwfaction he tn to hie ruetoiner*. are the main .>!>
irru III Hie a:n I.t l.ltl ill" ' I?I| eye'ein llli! Ilia fill irk , M y low
jnfM. are too well known to need comment Kerry new amral
brtna* him the faehmne and elotha of the moil xpprored
Itylea Talkof your 4* percent,and rouryearling araicm betore
old folk*!?tut, tut, man. mend before you pretend to make:
et leant, learn to "let eeery tub etand on tie own bottom " |eT
I IX KS. LOCK*.LOCK*.?ANUHKW8 k VAl KICK'S
la i citnbined Snail Wherl Lain and < omb nation Tad ocka.
? f !? ?e superior Lock*. eoneutiuc of Store, Door, and llo iw
Loi k-. 1,-wke for Iran t heata.Book lftfea.hr.. nifht Lat-h
?, are drcididty aupertir to any in market. While perfietl)
I'm, le in Ihfir operation anJ nte. tin) arr equalled to aafet)
i ti other Loali and only *'?rp??erd by the celebrated < I m
1111 ition Lock of the lino inreuior. The principle on which
ihej ire cnratructed k entirely new. and it la belier.d to be
im j it ltd in affordinj, at a triflm* eoaf. the m >?t ample aeurny
The price of atore door Lot M are to flit . nrh.
iVL We. $1 to ft J thed ren
A uperfor trtfele of Padl ckt for Hail Road* an" ah'p'n one.
a rt..) ihe attention ol prraona intrreated i* aurh bua a***
r t tie. in any inaatitr. to th# trade, or for private , by
wADHWORTH k SMITH.
die A|[ente fortbe M?n?iftetioee?_?_f_ne?^_^k?.
f"'AL t It!.''?i ountern It tlluawatr g?iu a. i . ? k?U
1 I'V Subacnber ia the only perron whj hta Wilde '?
ent Stlin ander Ktre Pr Of S*/' f..r tale.
SILAS I HERRI >'t ,
ft || J W iter air rt.
( 'Oi'AJl I'.V KKS'il!" No I|i K ? Ti * 11 Mir ir? rrare.
r i"fy inf. rn.ed tint V i! ?mr! t?re?ue. Eii U'< Pud >1.
terf B'Xtoo.haa Ihia d*y become a partner with the
be re iu 1 liefi.'in ol 1! ruiieu X ' >.>
\V M K. UARNDKS.
DEXTKR aiuuH-VM Jr.
B obm. Jan. 1. tatt. j< iw"
0 Ittjl i . ?. OMi'lALr. Xc .-i ULIA.? X rlLLlVlL k
1 *1 William ilrect, hare received per late irnwli, il<1
ij.r for eaie?
Alaorted riml. )
Apricots, , Treeerved in ?he j . without evsrw
Hirabelb?. j brandy, iu oox<-? of 12 bottlei.
( herrira in brandy. Clerracn i, Maraitfuiuo A met tie, Pat
nt Brand} . Kiracbe. 01.1 aaaortrd Li'ju rs
Alao, bancy t luia. auiubie for ho'.ydiy pretenti. Clod
Vacci and Jrwtlry, F remit letter and note Fapee. plain a
eolored.
.011,1 uitly ou hand, a large assortment of \ lam w hite a
giU Poif.eUitif. iiyo 3?'
AyfORHl NOV ELOQUENTIA -K.l'L) REVIED19.F
I IVI i-i n 1 evmi _n. l' I ] l c. \t 1 v * pa. . v......
I lakes leave lo iulorm the public of New Y'>rk and it* vicuiil
and that he has lakeu auuffi-e, Ml 51 Bowerv, up stair*. Kr<
i a long aud exper ienced practice in lh? Welt Indies, Sou
Ameiicauod Boston he will warrant a i-eriect safe aud spi
dy cure, tn all ihMcajBicl d with certain dweasts , al?o It
1 cor lea or white*. and senuyal w e?ku? > chronic rhe.im itis
disorder of the akin, impurities of the blood, without any m<
curi.il treatment. The Dr. also attend* to fra?*?re*. all kit.
offerer aad disea*>s afflicting the hum in system. The f
will give eon-Pant adv ice from dtht o'clock, A. M. till nine.
M. dai aw
kilt, LAK Li E.I5 i 1HA l/m'tof l-t5i ,
AM) BF.HT ASSORTMENT OF
WIGS AND SCALPS
ARE TO BK FOITUD AT
V. CLIREHULH'S,
tr. BROADWAY. ENTRANCE IN H.'LTON 9T.
rff> many attempte that art daily making to imitate tn<
celebrated wipe anil scalp*, are juat 10 many jipoof*
I he nigh rlmracterthejr have attained ,ttd the estimation th
ire heid in by the trade But the public will observe that*,
the original na*-r in this country of
THE VENTILATING AND GOSSAMER
IVIKS AND SCALPS
WITHOUT METALLIC SPRISG8,
end that all others are but feeble attempte at imitation,*t
dig roe genius to divine or direct the principle on which th
are maile l > lit. and the skill and practice to execute.
Ali wearers and counoisseura are mi ited to impect hie
HEADS OF HAIR.
euich for elegance. lightness. and durability may be ciaei
?mone the first productions of modern art fn their matnil'i
ore they difier front all others made here. Tne hair 11 sine
jvserted. aud so equally distributed as to app< ar juet Usui
Uomtheskiu they cover no more of the brow than the Datui
par doea. and having no m-tallic spring, ill dieagreeaole get
ire is obviated. For a -.oittheni climate they are tnestituab
King only I or weipl t.
Senators membe'i of Congreaa. and gentlemen f-om ev?
|u\rter of th? cmtulry, who are bow wearing C.'a wigs, can
^ferred to.
**he price* will be found to rait the circumstances of
jlu iell
REMOVAL.?J. PCAKKOLL'S Old LsUDtisheu Medical
Vapor Baths arc removed fioin '25 J ihu street to 25 Ceu
.andt street. Mrs. J. 1'. Carroll return.' thanks to the facul
pnrtscularly and the public iu general, for the liberal sup;*
extended to this establishment for the last fifteen years, a
hopes by her assiduity and attention, to merit a continuance
he same.
The Baths are open from lo'cloc* iu the morning till lo'clc
it night.and are used with much success in all sudden col
rheumatism, croup,Ac. Ac.t* which they atford immediate
lief. Testimonials of their slficacy can be seeu at the establi
giant from the following eminent physicians Doctor* A.
Stevens, V. Molt, Bush. Boyd. Macnevin.Rhiuelander.Neilsi
Smith, Irel and, Kissain.Borro'-ve, Vandeubergh, Stc. Ac 8
phurand Shower B ith* can be had at all times Portable Va;
Bath*. Bathing Tubs, and Hip Baths, forsalc or hire. Bai
1 ien? toauj part of thecity or Brooklyn Syrup of Sarsapari
I and Liverwort. Ac.fresh from the Shaker* m4l
I i ).\I AW ssi o NT PA FE h W" ah EHUD at,?Tin ?u
v j ambers kffp constantly on hand. and offer for sale, iu l(
to suit purchasers, Writiug Papers of all kind*. Also Kob
lon'i Blank Book Papers, of all kinds.
Priuting Papers of all qualities ami size* oa hand, or mad*
order at snort notice.
They also keep on hand a large assortment ol Wirea, F*
lots, 31 or Smalts, Bleaching Powder ar.d Soda Ash. for Paj
Manufactures. which they offer at lerv low prices
iv|? PK.RSSK St BROOKS. It Libertvr *t
NOTICE TO 13OVERS OK
CABINET FURNITURI
'"PHK subscriber would insIte the atlention of those wii
1 nig to parch-se article* in the above business, to hi* c
tablishment, w here is to be louud a rieh assortment of Hoi
wood and Mahogany Furniture, of French and other patten
lotne of which are not to be found elsewhere, being entire
original. Also, handsome rich gilt Cornice* for window
Poles anil Riugs ; together with Damasks. Galloons and Ti
sels. and every article attached to curtains, which wil
made in the latest style from patterns lately received.
N B. Particular atlention .pan) to the fi ting up of Otl
man*. Fire Screens, and other fancy articles, with einbroi
ered tapestry. WASHINGTON MKKKb,
dl?-6in 315 Broadway, Levi the Hospital
MADAME FLORINE LEFEVKE,
from raats.
FRENCH DRESS MAKER,
79 Frankliu *t.
MADAMF. LEFEYRE. (late Mile. Florine) begs leawe
inform the ladies of New York, that *he ha* left the <
tablishment of Mmn Chenin St Leturur. (in which she act
a* forewoman. Stc..ever since her arrival trom Paii*,) for t
purpose ef forming one of her own, where dresses,, cloaks, c<
sets. Sic . w ill oe made after the latest fashimis From the t
ture of her arrangement* with heragentsat Pari*, she will
enabled to give the most perfect satisfaction to those ladi
who iui honor her with their patronage. d20 tin
OMttHOY St f'0 '8 Alsait ahI> RnprsLO Packac
Exi-rkss arm Amcntr?For the Transportation of Sr
cie. Bank Notes, Small Packages, Sample (roods, Vulnar
Parcels. Sic. lie., in connexion with Messrs. Hardru It Co ?fro
New York and A'banv to Buffalo via Schenectady, I'tlc
Syracuse. Auburn, Seusc* Falls. Geneva, C'anaudaigua, R
cnester. Batavia Stc
Messrs. Pomeroy St Co.wiH attend to the Collecting, or Pa
ing Notes. Drafts. Bills. A-cep'an>et. Stc.. and transact all ai
any such business aa shall be committed to their charge in tl
above named places, witb promptness.
Rsrraixoti .
Erastus C onung. Esi . Provident Albany City Bank
'1 homas W. Olctt, Ki.j , " Mechaiius and Farsosso'l
A. D. Patchiu, Es.j, Cashier N. Y. State Bank
Noah Lee, " Albuuy Exchange Bank
Watts Sherman, " " AVbuuy City Bank
Amies Taylor, " " Commorcial Bang
TneedoreOlrott," " Canal Bank
Kxra P? Prentice "
J >hn Tajffor, "
Office No. i Wall street, New York.
POMEROY & CO., Office No. 3 Dourr's Buildings,
Con.ei State and Market streets. Albar
Albany. Not. 17th. 1941. nlMir
DILL* OK h.Ti HA.NUfc un all parte ol ttunylaua, lrtlai
and Scotland ill sums of its. ?1*. ? 8, ?'3b. to a
amount, for gale. Collections on all rarle of the United Stat
made at the beet market rate* by
9. J. 8YLVE9TER,
olS 2t Wall at. and 130 Broadway
Rheumatism.?AH yMOM iflictai viu the Hun
turn will p!e?ae call if not too lame, if so. to send
Mrwt. A. B. Sc D. Hands, No 79 and 100 Fulton street,
East Broadway and 173 Broadway corner Chamber street, ai
get a bottle of Burnet .'* celebrated Rheumatic .Mixture ai
Syrup, which is warrauted a certain cure fur the Chronic. A
cute IaRaiiirnatory.and Mercurial Rheumatism. It is 7 yea
since this raluable medicine was ii.tioduced to the public a:
iu all ordinary case* one botile of the mixture, which is anc
trrnal preparation performs a satisfactory cure : but iu o
chrouic and mercurial cases it is requisite to make use of t
Syrup with the mixture, as it is well known that it is necesi
ry to cleanse the blood of its corruption, caused by the to fi
.piciit use oi mercury in ihe diseases tint man is heir to. Al
xuch are the searching properties of these preparations for ti
cure of the Rheumatism. Strains. Lameness in ihe Back, Sti
Joints, ice ,as to excite the admiration and surprise of evei
! individual who has fairly testi d their merits, which can I
ecu by the testimony of the follow ing well knowu geutl
men
Mr. Burnett ?Sir, having been afflicted with the Rhexim
tism for the la*l three years, and tried almost ererj thing Ik
could be thought of, w iihout doing m- auy good. 1 was indue
by a friend. Capt J P. Clumbers, is try your Rheumatic Mi
ture. and aflet using thrie bottles, it has affected a pcrfe
euir as my case has been of such long standing. I i*ui rr eor
nieinl your Mixture to every oue afflicted with the Rheum
| tism, as being the quickest and safest care that can he resorti
ts in llu city.
I remain, sir, with my best wishes for your future prospei
tr and happiness, your obedient gen ant.
WILLIAM W. STEVENS. 8th Ward Day Police office
Mr Burnett,?Sir. For the last three years I have stiffen
with oue of the mc.st painful and troublesome complaints til
IVie human frame can De atflictrd with, and I began to think a
tercousulting with a number of physicians, that it was impsible
to gel relief I was per. nailed to give Burnett's Rheum
tie Mixture a trial, which, after using two bottles, accordii
to directum*, has effected a perfect cureF.DWARI)
MOORE. 155 Mott st.
Mr. Burnett.?Sir, 1 do certify that the Medicine that I h;
from you has entirely cured me of the Rheu matism. I w
afflicted for three years, and most of the time confined te tl
house aLd my bed. ALEX NEIL, coruer William
ani Spruce streets
This is o certify that 1 was afflicted with the Kheumatis
for some time, and could get no cure till I procured Burnett
Rheumatic Mixture and Syrup, which has had the desired*
fect. b. J. KNIGHT, 74 Fallen st.
Mr. Burnett,?Dear Sir, The Medeciuethut 1 bought of yi
| has cured my wile i f the Rheumatism. She had suffered
I long while, and could get no relief till I was recommended I
a Iriend of mine to use your mediciue
Yours.See. JOHN ROUGGE cor. Grand
and Christie streets
This is to certify that my wife wai cured ol the Rheuir
liam. after b'lug afflicted two or three years, by the use
Burnett's Rhuemalic Mixture and Sjrvp.
WILLIAM HATHORNE. 119 Aliens!
Mr Burnett,?Sir Haviug had ascvere attack of the Rhx
n atisir. so as to ronliue me to iny bed, and Dot beiug able
I move my hand or out lor a length of time. I was i ducrd
tiy your Rheumatic Mixture by my frieud Mr. Smith, aud ;
Mulshing to stale, afier using but twro bottles of y our valuat
Medicine, it nas entirely cured.
OLIVER CA91NE.96 Barrow st
| The uudersigned has permission to refer all ih >se afflicted
I the following well known and higoly respectxblr geHtlemx
who have also been cured by the use of the above medecii
Mr. J. 1) Chaplin. '1 leasurer Bowery Theatre ; A. Gilb*
Herbelest, 110 Kultou street; Isaac B. Smith, 699 Ureenwi
siren. John C.Moore, 164 Broadway. Jolm Green, buildi
115 Walker street; John McMahoii.106 Center street, N. Y
To be had at Ihe Proprietor's I .west prices, wholesale and i
tail, of Messrs A. B It D SANDS.No.79 aaJ too Full
1 street. 77 East Broadw ay and corner Bro idway and I hanil
I streets, west side .It I 1 ir
MEDICAL AID.
\MONG the many mighty improvement* of ihe age Ihe
are none of more importance to mantind. and periia
none *o little apprri latrd. a* improvements and ioTfnljiiDi
the practise ol incJiciije, yet we are constrained to admit, th
?r lure ne?*r met with more convitrl g proof* of appro*
than i* exhibited by Dr Gregory,of No. 34 Mott attest f
has r rently made antne valuable diarntrriea in the treatme
of disea* whicb u rol only being appreciated. but he la wi
nirg e I Jen opinion* fromhi* patient* lit* argued hy son
that all discovert** in tne l.eallng art ahonld or m *de hno*
tothe public fur the be lie-fit ot mankind; but we woula ai
why ahonld a physician more than any ant else, bestow tl
rrault of lita labor* upon a communtty or a public, froin who
tie h.a uerer reciived a eorreapon.ling ban-til uerertlielra
we are informed the Doctor ha* publiahed a littte book d
tailing hi* improved node of practice, and placed it within tl
reach of all who rbooae to aaa for I'?the price i*."6 cent*
may be had of the Doctor at hia private residence, (not a dri
tore) 34 Molt atreet. at all hour* of day or night *nd atan
I the following drug store* :??auds two atorea m Kulton atrr
uid corner ffroadwaj and ("hamhera atreet; alio la the Boi
ry at Na. *3. t ornee of Walker atreet. and IS* cornet
sprang atreet; 14* DeUncey. corner Suffolk at; and 131 f'h
th hi. . ppoaite Orange atreet A poet pud remittance of ot
ddl.r will obtain the hook in pamphlet form, rent free
poet ? a. to any part of the United State*. Addrraa Dr. Gr
gory. 34 Mott at. _________ SHIM*
Bovrding hoc?..-I oasa Ok hi hst'hur.
Mr* WhST No.M Utile ^ -Mr. WV.9f. No. i
U.piiwdnr, a tew loot* below | t alle del Yni]ut*tdor. cerca <
tne\;*rkeu | 1 inlaw Vjrj*.
t';i**rngere Will be uaiited Loa ffre* Paaagero# am
by the Clerk of the Houa? tn | aaaiatido*. por el aependien
lai d hi and embarking attend- del estabiecuniento a an lie*
ing to them luggage, permits, da eucargandoae lie loa equip
pa- |?iri*. kc. |Ki liceaoiaa de deaemharqu
4. ijtiah and Spainahaeivanu i
1 'r*d L-w criario* bablan el Eg|
II > dii?, Oct l.HH. ? Yrclci
hm 1 Mnh?n%,i CVtnhr?
* '.tA.NCK LOMrAJIi of th? fit) o? New Yo*k. J .bum
4 tl ?The BoaM of firtttort h?T? tl u dny dtihrtd a dn
J* ? i f #i? r??l laittn month*. *ble 10th ?iw?
Tng'tr booii will !o?< uotka thi'
Jfiw W u B.BD. Secy
mM 1 TJUU ** ' * im
i- QEOMtl?trANI'H HOt:?F ? A DEMOCRATIC *
- k> aMIsTOCHATU: I'lf LiGHTFI'L TKLA'l ?In orri
tier to cnrrrtuoiid to'be popularity tint hu already ucijumd
the Vpauikli llouac. No. 1 ) Nan yj >tree'. (the profilery de*
(ait. till Btxt mayor iietore) thr.< i[h the liberal pslrouage rec?ie?d
f.om tlie citirem of N'.wr N ork aud it* rieliutv. and the
rhetpi.en aad superior jirelitycf the turgor, it if ill be eolil at
J' S per ceut ptofit, the Ioilow u 3 im; orud Hat aua aud Friucij*
uf began
roo'J prime La Norma,
1 01)0 tecuud da.
or S.">.000 linit rate Jars Printi].**.
booo rery mild aud pood Ilaror Nori?ga?.|
at- 5 0 0 00 Aguila*. the biaud couti acted by the Kirg of the
Kreuch lor the c uiumttiou of his dear people.
n The tame will alto be retailed by the buuch ol' 25 Segars, at
, J the
(jjjf- Very old import id H avail i. to be retailed at 21.6d. Ilie
nd bunch, conuimug So uncommonly good 5eg?rs.
The Pa teat Segtw. elwuyi in vogue. J* Iw
~T DAII.ltOAlt t U v.l A > t -r ilirenth Ward "ike up '
IV The citizens of the Is h Ward art- ecri.csilv iaritevl t > attend
a public meeting at Ci lie llll l 111 Hill. 1150 Broadway, "U
'*' Moudar eveui g. lots in at , at 'naif past 7 o'clock, lor tbe purpear
of taking profet me -rca to ser-u'e the ipeedy comple..
lion of the New York and Fne Railroad.
'* Noah Cook.
T ?. Met .rty, I
J oho Hard, I
Hand Banke I
-ari Caleb Baruei',
n Barnet Amet. I
D. Graham. Jr r
L_ Mo.e. Taylor / Commi.tee.
T ti Stn) veaa'tt. |
Wni. Wiuttemore
J D M. Trill.
> P M. Wetmore. 1
II G. S'ehmna, I
(vide '1 ucker, J i|tl
NKW YOllK A Nil K It I KA1L KOALt MEETING.?
The cilizeni of thr sth Ward are earnestly requ ?t?d to
attend a public meeting .0 the Howard Home, coru r of How
0* ard atreet and Broadway, on Tuff day evening, llthmst.,at
*y h tlf poet T o'clock, for tn< purpose of adopting measures to sett
cure the speedy completion of t! - Piew York aud Erie Ilitlroad.
It C Wetmore, 1
J. T> le- Brighain. |
Sami Raymond, I
J Robert Tsylor, I
Hand Kin.
John M. teourlie. I
? PI T.Ketatid. f Committee.
W. K Hitrermeyer, I
Wm. W Todil' !
A Mai-lay, M. D., I
?d Aid D Vanderrcrt I
! .M.O. Uoheris. J )l l|
^ OTlcl".?H. KL.K VItsT. rendugtormarl) win, toin D.
"Jj d-a Miller, ol llan-joharic al Fort Main, Montgomery couuV*
ty, New Y"rV i< u,[nested hy hi? fiinily, at R.xlmry. uear
l" Boston, to inform then of his present place of residence, na
they hare been without news from linn lor asreral year*.
Heodaw'
' LUCINA cordial.
*? MAG NIX'S LUCINA COKDIAL,
L_ p'CR the sure and ipudy cur* of Incipient Cninutpption,
?c r Barietinesa. 1m potencyKluor Albus. or White*, Gleet,
rt OtMructei). dillii all or r.iinlul M?n?tru I tin, Inc.mi nieiice of
It/ L line, or involuntary discharge thereo', anl for the general
or! prostratiou of the i/stem, no matter whether the result of inn<!
herent causes, or of cause* produc-dby irregularity or ill lies*,
o The wide-spread celtbrity of thia wonderful ?nd inestunable
cordial in both hemispheres. ia a sufficient guarantee tor it*
Ml quack Hint positive success in curiag all the ab?v? affection*
I* ami complaint*. .Nothing can be more surprising than i'a inr*
vigcrating etf.eta on the liumau frame. Person* all weakueat
h and laasitudebefore taking it, at once hecome robnat and full
H. of energy under it* intluence. It immediately counteract* the
Ob. aervelrssness or looseness irf the female frame, which ia the onul
ly cauaeof barrenness: and which, prior to Dr .Magiitnj*dis<01
eovtry, wa* cocaidered to be incurable. And it speedily re
!hi moves the impediment* produced by phyaical prostration.
Jit w Inch Ire,iiieutty deter men ficin setting married. Language,
r indeed, canuo'do justice In the merit* of the Lucina Cordial,
which is regarded by the heads of the faculty in all part* of
iti the world, aa oue of the moat important medical duicoierlea
in of any age.
For sale at 459 Broadway corner of Grand street, and at 90
tr North Sixth street. Philadelphia.
Price $9 per boltlr. jd 1 m*
Jt lul I.O llll.'i I HK r..MllT I liliK. (
*i January S. 184J. J
POKPOSALS will te received until the 13th mat., for re
pairing the dwellings, anu out houses attached, belonging
tothc L'nitrd Slates, at Staten <elard, and n-.w occupied by
Mr.Smith and Mr. Metcalf. according to the following *p< cifij?
cation
> All the carpenter and mason work of both houses, and the
>h- out homes, to he fully repaired whi re neceasary.
cs- Two window*, with box frames and sa.h-s. hung with
ie- wiiglit* and pulliea, glass loXl3, will be fnruished
is. All the locai and fastenings to be repaired and furrished, the
ly locks to be of city make.
ra, All the wook work and walls to be thoroughly painted with
is- white and other paiutr. in oil; ihe outsidcs and repaired wirk
be with twocoat* of white, and the inside with oue, except the
door*, which are to have three coals,
lo- The in iteria'a t ecessary to bcof good quality, and the work
id to be done substantially, and in a workmanlike manner, and
completed by the fiist day oi March next.
. j7 tots KDWAKD CURTIS. Collector.
M?Rl".Aji'flLR AtJKINuV.?The iinilei signed o?K? leave
to submit to the Merchants of New York, a plan for au
establishment with the above title, embracing, such branches
of business asmenow undertaken by an; other individual,
and which he believes of sufficient impoitance to the mercante
tile community to receive and merit their patronage,
a- Merchants are often at a loe?. in the hurry of business to
rd know where to apply forthe assistance the/ need. It is the
he obieetof this eataL-lisluneul to afford them as little,or as much
>r- ai they may rt'tuire.
w The business of this estahlislur,eat will include all uegotiabe
tions which merchant* aud oilier* may desire to have confits
deulially conducted, and will include
Procuring Partners,
.1 Negotiating witli .Manufacturers,
c Supplying Merchant* wi'h Clerks,
,|t Com: rounsing with C reditors,
,D Kffecting Manue and Fire Insurance.
Drawing Commercial Contracts. See. Sec.
?' snd for the piir|K>se of pro* iJuig temporary occupation lor
Clerks who are out of employment.
y All kinds of writu g. bookkeeping collecting. Sec,
ad The plan ol providing means by \% hich persons desirous of
Its Connecting themselves in business, may It aru something of the
nature ot the bnsmess proposed, before names are given, or the
parties introduced h'? advantages which can never be obtained
from a ntwspaper in the common mode of applying for
) partnsm. Ths subscriber who has had much experience in
trade, and was educated a merchant, feels assured that he is
competent to conduct this part of the business to ihe satisfaction
of the parties interested, and will be enabled to procure
partners in almost every branch of business, winch will yield
fair remuneration for risk and use of capital.
Maniifreturrrs and merchants from the country who have
business to transact in the city, will fiu.l at this agency means,
at all times, of obtaining introihiction to merchants of good
standing. Whe-e responsible .agents or partners are wanted.
iy every facility will he afforded at lese expense than they will
ineur.for hoard aud less of time, while attempting to carry out
'"7 the negotiation themselves.
The prnposi'ion to give temporary employment to clerks
' who are out of place, as it will ruable them 10 earn a subsistence
nntil per nam ut suua'.ions can be procured, (thus con
tinning Ihcir regular business habits, and guarding them
Irom the evil temptations of idleness) will no doubt meet the
? approbation ofthose engaged in active business, and receive an 1
in secure from'thim as a body, such encouiagement aud support
to as will euab.e the subscriber to girt the plan a fair trial upon
77 its merits.
ud A register willbe kept at the Mercantile Agency where
nd clerks who are in want ol'employmeDt can enrol kn ir names,
,c- -ges. qualification*, rese.idence, name* of former employers.
ra references, and such other information as is'desirable; which
nd w ill be evhihitt d to merchants w anting assistants, and pro| rr
ii. measures will be taki n to obtain situations lor theu with all
Id reasonable despatch.
he The advaiitagt s afforded to merchants at all limes to rxa.
ia- mine, free of charge, a register containing this information
e- w ill readily be seen and appreciated by them. The merchant
ud finding character, references, and all other things satisfactory,
ir can be introduced to the clerk, anil m ke his own burgaiii.
iff "Jo the clerk ilus otters great facilities?it makes his want
ry of a situation known to the p.rson Wanting a clerk, and the
be fee re.juirid for registering will not exceedthe cipcnse of an J
e- ordinary advertisement in one newspaper,|whiletli" nu nb r of
lie vspapcr* in the city is so great that a clerk who attempts to
ia- advertise in all, will pay a I *rge sum. aud not then be certain
at of reackiug the individual who w ishes to give him employed
blent, at the same time if he desirr* to advertise, he can do so
* thro gh the Mercantile. Ageut, ^w ithout publishing Lis name, '
ct and tliiisensure a more certain spplicatioa than if he rtijuir.u
n an answer address, d to any letter of the alphabet,?boi in the
a- |irst;?tlice. or lie1 itious signature. ,
d < ontiecled wi'h this branch oft-e business, it is proposed
to furnish temporary employ inent to clerks w ho are out ol bu
i- sines*, and to this end it is re'piesied ol merc'ian's who have *
titra wi iting i r wl o need eitra helpilurii g th? hiisiiuss sea.
r son. or w ho wish their boi ks examined, written up. posted, ha
-d lanced account* ma te nut and collected, at any season ot tlie
at year, to apply at the Mercantile Agency.
if- Peisonal attention w ill he giveu to submitting'propositi i s *
s- tocredi'ors for settling insolvent e?tat<s The undersigned
a- w ill endeavor to give satisfaction to all the se who may confide
it ^tss il entirimpnl of hii<inpsi to i
.Marine and Fire assurance will be effected. The subscriber I
f? rli coi.Iideiil that Ins kuowledgf ?f this branch of busiues* i
id w Ul be.ol'great value to those rr.puring Insurance, and lie tu J
as vitrs employ inrnt a* a m-ney saving o|wration. His f.ami
lie liarity Willi the bumne** w ill enable hnn lo procure risks at \
the lowest rales H* * ill also git e his ulteulion to preparing
statement* of sad adjusting *ii i collecting claim* for I sees
in All kinds of mercantile routr.icts ana agreements will be
t'? carelully drawn on application. undir the adiicr <>t an ci| e
tf riruced Irgal gentleman, embracing etery variety of Irau*vill'lllS.
|
Attention will a'?o be given to examining sud simplifying
I* complicated accounts
5y Sta mg administrators, partners and debtors' accounts, <
balancing merchant's books, making ba'ance sheet* and
statements lor opening new sets of books, a neglect of
which is of i en the cause of much uneasiness, while the ctintia a
rv enables the men haul at all lime* to speak confidently of
of the corteclneat of,his boohs, a gratification which may be
cheaply purchased. Many mrrrhvut* are too much engaged
to do this Ihcmselres. and are unw il.ing to trust it to incoia?
I cleiit persons, who make simp'e ermr< man c implicated
to Errors will be detected niseis ol books whether made into
tentionally orthroug i carelessness or ignorance. Fraud .lent
is- error* made by one parti er todereivr another, or by a Irandii
de lent debtor todeceue In* creditor, will be searched af?tr and !
esposed. SHtUmont* of debtors' account* made, and dividends
nrojosed for selllcmeu's with creditors J
to ( onmlrnlial loins for merchants will be negotiated A meii
thod is here suggts'ed to the inert Itanf, who should at all
ve. times be jealous of his credit, to obtain money upon auyemer rt
geney wuh"iit appearing as sporty to the trausaciioii.
ch The atidrraienrd proposes also in attend to .ny oilier honora r,
bis branch ol bus ne?s rt quiring the intervention of a tliitd
? party, ihe nature ol wnich is too promiscuous lo be panicularie
ited All mailers rntrustrd lo hM care will he lr< alej ci nlioa
dentially and arranged with promptitude, (T?- Hrferriices
>er eschanged. w. A. WOODWaKI),
Mercantile Agent aiui Negotiator.
No. 2 Exchange n*ce.corner ol llauoverstreet.
dwgtaw
rf TjAKltAl N?By onier ol the.Surrogate ol (Queen's county,
is Dthe iiibscriber will sell st auction on the premises on the
in Hth day of Febtuirv neit.at 12 o'clock, noon, the iery desi
at t?bl? Farm, containing seventy-four acres, more or les?, situs
al ted midway between Flushing and Jamaica, fronting on the
te main road between the two placesv bounded by the farms ol
nt Henry Roe and Oeorge Vauderert, Ems., occupied by c. Denn.
ton. Kortmrtieulars tee Long Island Iffmo'ril One ball the
,, amount tan remain on bond and mortgage ?t low interest,
in Enquire of JNO. ev.STMVIEKS, !
'k j< Maw toFtt* Executor. 130 Water at.
: TO THE LAMAS.
e, LTAPAMI. I O8TELL0, be male rhysiriw, still contin
ye ues te treat with astonishing success all diseases peculiir !
It to female*.
ig liupprrssioo. irregularity, obstruction, lie, by whatever
at cause produced, can be removed by Madame C. in a vary short
rt time.
Madame C's medical establishment hav ing undergone thorof
ougb n pairs and alteration* for the lietttr accommodation of
g. her numerous pstieut*. she is now prennrcd to ten is e ladies on
if the point of confinement, or those who wish to be treated for |
of obstruction of their monthly period.
Madame C can be consulted at bar residence, No 3t Lisp# i
nanl street, stall times and with the strictest regard to secrecy i
= All communing lion* and letten mull be post paid. d|? lm'
in A Ml>8 i}. MULL It iUI Vsssy street, Astor Hons-,tin
v fx m*d? commodious changes in thsir sstabhshasnt for lbs
, AND .U1T0RTEM.
te Thsy hneenow acassortment.isatk s*w?ruteentrance, ecehe
a- i Mwvefn/vr (sitae*.
g. The Store fortlv, sslsofTrussesand Burgeons I nstrumsnta.
? sxwl for mercantile business, asentirely distinct from the rooms
under the charge sf the Surgeon for lbs appUcsbos of Trasses
' "Ttle'^iegiorrreeetrssns cthersatsssts thas thosesent to him
by the msJtcal facsi t y for r* Us fnrom Raptors, Varicscsig.Fr* i
- If * 5_ |
m Q ALT?Msnoks Ashtoas fastory filled. Fur sals by
f h or E.K.I 'Ol. 1.1 NBA lo K Wo.itb at J
t. V A t<i>?AC prim* Onto leal, landing lr.ua *sip y issaa- 1
La aippa.ftom New Orleans For sale by
dii E. K COLLINS k C0-JI3 Foathi*.
I III' llll gg
CUSTOM HO US]
THE following lockages having remained in the Public Bto
on FRIDAY, th. i^th e! January, H4B, by L. F. H6FFMJ
Lua'.oiu House, 21st December. 1cm.
/)?'??. Mm lot ani Sumtiri, fuekc
1830
April 19 B A or B Avm-ar one parka:
1838.
Oct. -.'7 William Thomson one box,
1830.
Apnl Si) Joseph Barker one box,
Juno It* Y in a diamond I si live casks,
1? S 8 143,144 two oa?ks,
" IS) " 117 one case,
Sept. 28 W F 5 one cask,
" 38 PF 18 one hhd,
" '43 " 10 one barrel.
Oct. 11 F 48. 48 twocasks.
* U " 1 orrn keg.
Dec. 31 A Moore lor M Nichols one parcel,
1840.
April 13 HC K one hhd,
13 Miss Anna O Gilbert two hundli
" 14 Mrs Balln<h 1.... one barrel,
" ?2 Sir John Vuughan, car* of Thos D Ryan one packs|
" 23 J F one hhd,
" 28 No mark one sack,
" 30 HH New York one paeka(
" 10 Mr W A Hallock one pack,if
May 2 F B in a triangle Y under one box,
u I* vim t. miner ore bale,
u 0 P with C uudu: \ ovm onepackag
" 8 John Bide or Roche Brothers one trunk,
" 18 No mark one parcel,
" hs Samuel Thompson one cheat,
June 1 T D Parker one box,
" 1 X in a diamon l 5o3 onecase,
" 3 Sor Dr Pablo Duany, Repetad one box,
" 9 Mrs Mullen, Broadway enet-ox,
44 11 K PC 1 a IS eighteen ci
" 12 KHN1.2 twoeasks,
44 12 Abijah Fay, Esq careof Olyphaut Ji Co. one case,
" 15 K in a diamond 15 a IS lour barrel
" 16 John Drummond one box,
" 26 BR connected 10 . one case,
" 26 C I a J three case
' 29 V B 1 ail eighthoxei
July 9 C T with A under 6 one basket
" 22 Rev W A Hallock one parcel.
44 23 Miss Harriet Williams one trunk,
41 2S " " oue box,
" 23 Miss Lydia Peaslee, care Hickock k
Pomeruy one box,
" 23 Jehn Miiler. Broad street one box,
" 34 Thomas Barr.care Robt Mumby one box,
44 10 M in a triangle 1,2 twoeasks.
" 30 Bor Dr Jose Valiant, care John Wallis. oae box,
44 30 Spo fiord SiTileaton one box.
" 30 Leg Cabin ten small 1
Aug. 7 No mark one box.
44 7 44 two chests
44 10 B one quarte
" 10 PV&Wiuabieck one nackai
41 19 No mark one basket
" 20 Rev Mr Uallock onecase,
" 31 No mark six casks,
44 27 Dr Martin one box,
" 28 Mark delaced one case
Sept. 3 WH in a diamond twelve kof
" 7 BAKE connected 1139 one box,
44 10 F with E C over and C under 1 one box,
41 10 Joseph F Johnson one box.
44 12 No mark one halfbi
44 14 J C P with N Y under one case,
* 1* No mark fifty-eight
stones,
44 19 Red Wax eighteen b
44 19 " . one half ba
Oct. 2 H R 82. 84. 88 three bags,
41 6 J E with EC connected under 1 onecase,
44 6 B 101 one case,
44 7 S W Benedict oae box,
44 9 TY connected D 136 a 144 one keg,
44 13 Danl Ounn,care Rev A Maclay one cask,
44 13 IIVI connected and P 3 one box,
44 16 JT 5, 6 two cases,
44 28 B R Brow a, Esq one trunk,
44 24 No mark (containing a Harp) one case,
44 26 I F 249 onecase,
44 26 B one case;
44 31 David Sterlinr. care W Smith one box.
" 5 Mfiiri Peacock & Fowler one keg,
" 5 Mr Garret. one Leg,
" 10 AB1 one case,
" 11 Lindley Murray Moore one box,
" 11 MathiasBruen one parcel,
" L8 P O 20 one case,
" 14 Rev Thomai McCrie one parcel
" 14 L C with C under twenty bos
K 14 C in a diamond VI outiide twenty bos
u 16 Mrs Woulfe, (Charleston) one case,
" 16 G D one box,
" 24 ND1 one case,
' 26 Dr J C Johnson one ease,
" 27 William FLming one box,
" 27 G Blateh, St Johns, NB one case,
Deo. 9 WDJ one trunk,
" 9 PNT 1 v ono box,
" 30 J A Ackley, 150 Nassau st!Vet one packag
1841.
Jan. a M in a diamond E outside 34 one case,
" 16 Mr Jaggar one box,
" 15 V F 79 one case,
" 15 F A A 1 a 6 six half pip
" 16 F F 38 one case,
" 16 Jonathan Amory one case,
'* 16 JAB ' one case,
" 19 WfcCl,J, 5 three eases
" 20 Anchor MAS 150,151 two cases,
u 22 R1 one basket,
" 24 Walter Buchanan, Oneida Co. NT. ... one barrel'
" 26 No mark one barrel,
u 27 8ig De Begnia one box.
Mar. 3 CM one box,
" 20 F S II 1 one ease.
" 20 " 2a 4 three bund
" 24 Joseph Yeni two trunks
" 27 A E Wright, Fulton st. NT one case,
" 30 Messrs Brown tweenses,
April 2 N 43 one bale
" 8 8 over M diamond 9.9 .... one cask,
" 10 W S with P under one bundle
" 14 John Livingston one box,
" 16 K in a diamond one task,
" 16 R 6cCo in a triangle 447. 448, 441 a 463. . Ave casks,
" 20 WK Pin a block 440.450 two casks,
" 20 Edtv Long. Washington, NC six barrels,
" 20 Taylor Si Merrill one keg,
" 23 A CI, 2 two cases,
? 24 L one barrel,
" 27 No mark fourwaggoi
u 28 Thomas Chamberlain onecnse,
" 28 Thos Larne for Thos White one case,
?' 28 Mrs L H ThornhiH one case,
u 28 James Hudson one box,
THF FOLLOWING PACKAGES WILL BE SOLD FO
Dates. Marks and yumhirt. Packaf
1839.
Jept. 18 F in a diamond, 51 a 53 three casks
: is " ' 13 two cases.
" 26 Blank diamond ciaalcs on the corners. . Ave cases,
? -29 PF 11 one barrel.
? 28 * one narrel,
Jet. S PP with L under one barrel,
" 9 No mark one cask,
1840.
April 21 RC 1 one ease,
" 26 LHB 15 one crate,
lug. 26 W W Audrews 11 one trunk,
* 26 " " 12 one case,
" 26 81 7 one case,
" 26 SM 9 one case,
1841.
!Vb. 20 BSiF 945 one case,
FEMALE MONTHLY FILLS T(
nKEPARSD BY MADAME COSTELLO, No.34 Lis e- wxa
1 nard street. 1V1
These Pills are acknowledged by the first physicians in toe in Eu
,'nitid States at the very beet medicine that ladies laboring years
uitlcr a suppressl. n of their natural illness can take, and tbey ou|.- ,
'try seldom fail to relieve when taken according to the three- kralt!
ion* Thoee who call tor them will be supplied with her cir- \1,
tular, conlaiiiing areplc directions. and all the precautions lie Fema
teseary to he otnervcd in their use. Advice gratia. Otlice 34 i jr r0|
bupeuard street dl4 Im* I great
HH I N n M I 1)'9 liOMOPA'i IllAN ,VhUEJABbt. j britv
IMLL8?A new fountain of health n opened aud gushing } cially
"ttrih in healfoz streams?a bright and eloiinns star has arisen? now a
ml is cheering thousands with renewed health aud life. It is I arqua
ihe star of lfomopathian medicine. These pills, letitbrdis- I frame
tineilv imderatrnd.cure disease bv a-"neriftc homonathnui pow- I marri
r,which instantly pitta a slop to the action and progress of the I queaj
littue. A* goon a* 'hey have operated, j ou feel that a heavy ( coo?i(
nail has li'pn lakru from the body, and the tranquil, buoy ant trues
feelings of health. immediately spung up in its place. By stop- femal
me the action of the iliHcaee. i hi y restore healih, snd siecgtfi, 1-09,1
md appetite, a-id all the'uitclious. to their natural state; and tiers '
Hit recovery is ripid, perfect and complete. Their operation only t
an tie bowels is abundantly free, hut plraaant asd natural; andfc
they peter sicken the stomach or tramp the bowels, hut create Th<
pleasant ai d agreeable sensatious; Hid. what is a great object estimi
III these Pills, they are always sale; they may he taken on all adopt
occasions, and tinder any circumstai ees. without regard to marri
the name of the disease, lor the i i<erat? upon the general con tiun.
Motion, repelling disr ue from the hody whemerit may be *r* "
s?ated. Every one w ho keeps these j ills by them w ill alway s J**?1"
hare a family physician in Sn own house, and when using hesiti
them may ecnlidrni ly reply upon a quick restoration of health. 5*'r?
They may be had at 47J and 479 Broadway, Hi and 3W Bow- dollai
( ry 9# and 3*0 Hudson >treet, 77 East Broadway, 79 Fulton ''j"*
street, snd 4S- (Yreenwich street, corner of Warren. *
jl 1m* " Al
llhl .HAII9.M r.rThi I I aLI.V TTTtKft.?The te- {*
Iraor tn-ary efficacy of TIIK t HINESE MIXX UHK.in
etTeclually caring the most severe esses of this excraeiating T\1
dilciw, - . irtllrl.t! it tf tarty dtSWVNIS IK* t**rmu? uo- I J I
tire of ill* Afflicted, for it* applkntioi > uuiv<rr**lly been at- r|^H
tended by the mo#t sign il auccta*. In testimony of its rflic* .
cy.the hallowing is annexed Oth*n. emialfKMlUJaclO'T. ,# gJJ
e n he examined at the store of MARTIN J. rURST, ine i).?.
I roprietor, 170 Bowery. New York, the only place in the city
where it rati be obtained ln_ W
Hasing lieen called upon by Mr Msrtin I. Fit ret to repress
my opinion in relation to the efficiency of his remedy for . .
Rheumatism. I cheerfully comply.hy stating that hasing used
it, I do not hesitate to declare that it Is the very b-sl external
application for that painful and mysterious disease hat has u ]
ever com'' under my n tice. I would also state thnt Mr. Furst's
remedy has been used with complete success by persons ot my
erouaintaocc. snd indeed, ui no instance have I kuown it to
fad JUDGE JAMES B. SHEYS.
193 Twelfth street.
New York, Dcc.U. 1941. dso lm' [
ElllCAL CARD ? Un. Csores, No. 14 Duane si, utai i!
Chatham St., still affords relief to thr afflicted of both see
rs. lie may be ilsayi eonsulted, with the utmost confidence
in the worst cases of delicnts diseases merrnriaJ affections 1/
lid the nnmerious symptoms arising from this disease. From P
Dr <"** eetensiee practice lor the last eight years in this particular
hrauoh of the profession, guarantees s sal's, speedy and \j |
effective cure to all person* who apyily to him Recent cases rpyy
cured in a few days without the ear of mercury, or sny other 1 ?
dangerous medincme. No interruption from business, or site- ratiol
ration in the mode of lirmg. All whose cases hare been pro- the ot
traded or aggrsrsted by maltreat m? nt. mar acply with the hire
utmost confidence of being > ffedu.lly cured Terms mode- in all
rale?attendance from 7 in the morning until 10 at night. Of- Btuc,
flee 14 Dunne St. (I4dla* 31
TO IAKEK MANt'l At :i'll KEHh.?ThssaMcrtbufu ale Th
notice that Messrs llowe It tfoddard.of Worcester,Mm. rout*
bare appointed them their agents, aud are prepared to furmsfl tl tainf
sqort notice, upon the most reasonable terms. Fourdrlnssr sad roclK
CrUnder Machines, with Are or steam dryers, and SMtaf ms* "MjA
chines to sits paper in th# wsh as it lesres the dryers. Ahem Th
vary kmd ef Machinery appertaining to the manufacture nt pa- Stale
per, which in point of workmanship and flush is net surpassed ''J1 J
t>7 any other establishment in this country. A laifs sum ties S?s ?* O
llow in operation in many sf the best mills, tn 1MB rafmstMl Nohi
srll be firea for all particulars. _ . d?*
rtfi8K A BROOffg.rsperWisshsty.
dMdftw (t Liberty stsset lYl
,n m?m?umwrr?n
E NOTICE.
rr upward* of Nine Moutha,wiH be (old at Auction,
VN k CO., Auctioneer*.
EDWARD CURTIS, Collector
ijn. ftneit. JTW* From.
;e, Ship Tuicany, Hamburgh
" Orpheui, Liverpool
" Sankari, "
" Moutpelier, Newcastle
" Empire, Liverpool
44 if .4
44 4. 44
44 II 44
, . " South America, u
Brig Isabella, St Croix
!?, " " "
" Long Island, "
fe, " Ang-*lique, Amsterdam'
Barque Ettphrosine, Borleatix
ShipCongre**. Valparaiso]
re, Barque Atlantic, Bremen
fe, "
" Blackness. Dun.lea
Stem'rGreat Western, Bristol
fe, ? u
Rhip Rochester, Liverpool
Stem'r British Queen, London
Ship United State*, Liverpool
Barque Beri*, Rio Janeiro
Ship Iowa, Havre
Brig M aria, St J ago de C uba
Bhip Patrick Henry, Liverpool
" Henry Allen, London
" Yazoo, Liverpool
, Lehigh, Canton
> Biig Kmmeliue, Texas
Ship Romulus, Greenock
" Howard, Hamburgh
*, " Franklin, Rotterdam
I, " Helle*pont, Havana
, * President, Load on
" Frankiort, Liverpool
Brig G?n JVlarion, Kingston
" Casper Hauser, Matanzaa
IB 4. H
u Jane Haddow, Greenock
Ship Toronto, London
" Cristoval Colon, Havana
4C u u
>oies, " " '
Schooner Comet, Key West
r box, Barque Rapid, Havana
;e, Brig Armadilla, Antwerp
, Ship Siddons, Liverjiool
" Utica, Havre
Brig Heime. Egypt
Ship Silvie de Grasse, "
' Creat Britain, Dundee.
5s, Barque Cragevand, Rotterdam
Brig Hope. London
Ship Mediator, Nassau, N P
Schooner Ermine, Havana
)x, Ship Norma, London
" Wellington, Newcastle,
grindBrig
Rosalind, Hamburgh
arrels, " Hortense, "
rrel, " " Havre
Ship Burgundy, Marseille*
Barque Le Grange, London
snip rnnnieipnia,
" " Havre
u Duch-D'Orleans, Greenock
" New York, Hamburgh
Barque Paoli, Curacoa
Brig Tarn O'Shanter, Havre
Steamer Fresident, Liverpool
Ship North America, "
" VUle Je Lyon, Havre
X u u
" Car-ander, Glasgow
Ontario, London
*' Baltimore, Havre
41 Westminster, Loudon
44 Toronto, 44
44 Ho ward. Hamburgh
, - " She (held, Liverpool
;es, Barque Navarino, Bordeaux
tea, " "
Ship Baltimore, Havre
Brig Frankliu, Rotterdam
Ship Illinois. Havre
StemV British Que.en, London
' Great Western, Bristol
Barque Ann Louisa, Vera Crox
Brig Firm, Rio Janeiro
e, ShipOrry Taft, Leghorn
" Stephen Whitney, Liverpool
" Robert Fulton, "
Barque Diana, Bremen
>e?, Ship Silvio de Grasse, Havre
44 Niantic, Canton
, 44 Wellington, London
Barque Chailotte, Bremen
Brig Louisa. Marseille*
Barque Tiberius, Glasgow
Ship Wellington, London
" Hellespont, Hay ana
44 Ontario, UlfeiVft
les, " "
, " Baltimore, Hav.-s
44 Toronto, Lou ion f'
" " 4
44 Siddor. s, Liverpool
Stem r British Queen, Loado.
trees, Ship Siddons. Liv'yeol
" Cambridge, .. !?
44 Westminster L-ador.
44 Cambridge, Liverpool
M tl 4.
4i Whitmore, Bordeaux
44 St James. London
a wheels Brig Pandora. Laguira
Stm'r Great Western, Bristol
iR STORAGE UNLESS TAKEN OUT
;e?. f'etitlI. Where From.
, Ship Gcorgiana. Liverpool
4' Nicholas Biddle, 4'
4' Whig, Rotterdam
41 Empire, Liverjjool
44 U it
U ?4 44
4* PolanJ, Havre ,
44 South America, Liverpool
Brig Helm*. fc(?JTl
? ?< %
Ship Ville de Lyon, Havra
^ UAU iTTVTi r A TiTrc
./ l'liJ IlUX I Ji/ iJi 11/1 JJk7?
DAME KEFTF-LL'S PREVENTIVE POWDERS.
1'hcse invaluable Powders have beeu universally adopted
rope, but Franee m particular, for upward* of th'rtjr
, a* well as by thousands in this country. a* being tha
naiid, safe and efficacious remedy for married ladle* whoaa
h forbid* a too raj id increase of family,
dame Rcst-ll. a* is well known, * a* for thirthy yeara
Je Physician in the tu n principal Female Hospital* an
l>??those of Vienna .md Pan*?where labored by her
ciperience and npprrtuuitin, she. attained that celsin
thoie great discoveries in medical science *o spe
adapted to thefrmae frame for which her medicines
tand uiirivalled, a* well ni this country as in Europe. Her
intaoce witli the physiology aud anatomy o( the female
, enabled her?by tracing the decline and iH health of
eil fcmklet, scarce is the meridian of Jife% and the come
rapid and ofl'u apparently inesplirable causee which
m many a fond mother to a premature grave?to their
ource?to arrive at a hg*W* dge of the primary eaoees of
e indispoeitions?eapahihlly ot married frmalea? which, in ?
led to the discovery of her celebrated "Preventive Pow'
Their adoptmu h?s been llie meats of preserving not
he heslth. but even the life of many an affectionate wife
"advcrtUer feeling the importance of tbie subject, and
tow the vast benefits resulting to thousands by tbesr
ion, would most respectfully arouse the attentins of the
rd, by nil that they hold near and dear.t >fi considers
1* it not w ise an I virtuous to prevent v il ito which ws
rbject, by simple and healthy meant within our control t
y di?peaeirinste. vi-?n >u?.-t 1 'frightened mind will tinttingly
answer ill the atlirmativs. This t* all that Ma
Keatell recommends or eser recommended. Price fir* >
rs a package, accompanied with full and particular dtrsc- .
Thsy can be fo> warded by mail to any part of the Unt ate*
All letter* must he post paid, and addressed t*
)AME RF.STELL,Female physician. Priusipal office,
reenwich street. New Via k. Office hours from ? A. M
VIU P VI. Boston office No T Essei St j3 1 m dfcw
[SEASEOFTHE EYE.
IS may certify that I have witneaaed cures performed on
fie blind, someof long standing by Dr. J. FRA.NI.lB, No.
relay street, New I oik. and believe his preparation for
or of the Kya is one of the gnatest blessings that can be
A to the alUicted, -old have much pleasure in recommendin
at a sale and stulful Oculist.
JOSEDI ANDHBK. RomanTathnlic Pn*et.
1m dhwy ot St Peter's f hnrch. Barclay at
i,U LEAF, at J. (JarratVa Factory. 333 Pearl su-ee'M
h nuiklin agaare, under Hooper'! Looking Olwe 9ton*.
Kitndcep g ild, per p?ck. $7 It
I'eual told, do T to
Pale fold, do IN
Deep gold hr-onf, per M 00
Pale told broote. do IS W
Copper bronm. per oi.from $1 tot 0"
o tint rate mould* for (ale. dlt la*
PORTUGUESE
EMALE PILLS,
tattTtrO AND fllNUO H
IK Brtl DELOHUE, M. DA LISBON. PORTVOAL.
C (Cieotifie eombiaation of ingredient* of which the**
II* are eotnpooedJjt*? *made them the wonder and admii
of the world. The... *r* known all orer K.naape to be
lip preparation eeer dwcorered that ha* proeed inranaertam
in producing the monthly tuna. Their certainty,
casaa. hetM aneh that they mu?t not be u*ed daring pregr
for though mild. ?' .. and hetlthp. they ?re certain to
ice miacamag* if uocd during that period,
t directioM an tranalated into Knglteh. and an earelopod
I with the teal of the importer, (tamped. Each boi couth*
aignature of M. de Boudelo-inc, and the Knglwh di
IM hae*thc aignature of Dr. f. MtL VtAL, aalhoriiod
for the continent of America.
ay can hp traaamitted by mail to any part of the t'nitad
a LetHen directed to Dr. f. Mefeeau. boi 94, N. T-,
naot with immediate attentioau Sold by appoiateaeat at
rand itraat. corner of Allen. Priaa M. Half koiaa. W.
a if boa re lent by mail
!?**