)
V
TH
Vol. TU^-R?. ?'J8. WboU No. 1964.
AO K NT 8
For the N. Y. Harold in tbc United Stntoa,
Imtoh Oeorge W. Rod ling.
PmLanci.rHiA o. B Ziblwr.
. New Orleana John K. Curn? k Co.
Baltimore William Taylor.
Pittsburgh, Pa R. O. Brrford.
Prorideace, 11 1 John Green.
Irnca, N Y J B. Loak.
Albany, N. Y J. 8. Barber.
Norwich, Conn Morgan Smtord.
Cincinnati, O C. Tohey.
Waahington, D. C OB. Zieber k Co.
Mobile, Ala John K. Curr.? k Co.
Savannah, ? A Holmes.
St. Louis, Mo K.J. Woodward.
Lottiaville, Ky W.N. Hal.Ionian.
Newburgb, N. Y M. Maguire.
Troy, N. Y Levi Willard.
Poughketipoie Levi Smith.
Syracuse, N. Y lames Hobertson.
Rochester. N. Y L. Moore.
Hartford,Conn Hurlburt it Newbury
New Haven. Conn D.C. MitchelL
Worcester, Mass S. Thompson.
New Brunswick, N.J Wm. Solomon.
Newark, N.J D. Smith.
Rah way, N.J T. Page.
Peterson, N.J Matthew Dougherty.
Hudson, N. Y George Clare.
Buffalo, N Y T S. Hawks
New London, Conn L. L. Snerry.
Klirabethtown, N. J Samuel Crane.
Anburn, N. Y W B. Graves.
THE EASTERN DIVISION Of THE NEW YORK
AND ERIE RAILROAD.
T,j% ma New
A according to the following arrangement, s op,bug at Biermoot,
Blauveltrille. Pascac, Suflfernr, Ramapn Stition. Slna'
rte Works, Turuer's, Stain untile. Minroe Village ami Chester.
FROM NEW YORK.
A passenger train every morning (eicept Sunday) leaving
the foot of Albany etreet, at gi o'clock, A.M. In the company's I
steamboat Utica, Capt. \. H. Sehultz.
A passenger train every Wednesday and Saturday afternoon,
at 4 o'clock, from the loot of Albauy street, in tho steamboat
Utica.
A freight triio every Monday,Tuesday, Thursday and FriS?y
afternoon, at 4 o'clock, front the foot of Ch imberu street, I
by the steamboat Union
FKOvt GOSHEN.
A passenger train every morning, (except 'Sunday) at Re'clk,
wriviugiu New Yoik, by tne steamboat Utica, at the foot of
? Albany street.
A passenger train every Wednesday and Saturday afternoon,
at 9 o'.-clok. arriving in New York by the steamboat Utica,
A freight train every Monday, Tuesmj . Thursday and Ednay,
at 3 o'clock, arriviug in New York b-. the steamboat
Union, and ba-gea at the font of Chambers 'treat.
Freight will be rec-ived at the foot of Albany street on
Wednesday and Sataiday, and at the foot of Clambers street
on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, until 3 P. M
For freight or passage, inquire at the Compauy's Trarspvrtntiou
office, cor?or or Liberty and'West street*, and at the
various depots on the line ol the road.
H. C. SEYMOUR,Superinteudant
dgT 1 m F.astern Divi-ion New York and Eric Railroad.
NEW YORK AND NEWARK.
Fare reduced to at cents,
From the foot of Courtlaadt street, New York.
(Every day?Sundays excepted.)
Leave New York. Leave Newark.
At 3 A.M. At t P.M. At 8 A.M. Atll P.M.
11 do 4 do 8 do Si do
41 do lot do (do
7 do 10 do
ON 8UNDATB.
From the f#ot of Liberty a tree t.
Lmtc New York. Leave Newark.
41 I A. M.and 41 P. M. At 1 P. M. end I* P. M.
JHCWTORK. KLIZABETHTOWN, RAHWAV AND
NEW BRUNSWICK.
Fare reduced.
From the foot of Liberty atreet,daily.
Leave New York. Leave New Brunawick.
At I A.M. At 71 A.M.
41 P. M. I P. M.
SOMKK VILLE ataaree connect with theee lineeaaeh way.
f are between New York and Soraervi lie, (0 cent*.
De do New Brunawick, Tf centa.
Bahway, M centa
CHzabeUitown, is centa.
The fare in the 71 A. M. train from New Brunawick, and 4|
PH. train from New York, baa been reduced between
New York and New Brunawick to SO centa.
" and Rah way te 171
The Philadelphia maiUnia paaaea through Naw Brunawickfov
New York every evening at o'clock.
(>nSundayitha 71 A.M. tripfrom New Brunawickiaemit
^Tbwamrrairhn procure their ticketaat the tieketoflice,receive
e ferry tieketgratia. Ticketaare received bv theconductor
onhr on the day when nurehnaed. nil
. RED BIRD LINE T<> ALBAN V, en the
Keat aide of the river, haying better rtagee
WBtWiHtiMii team*?etkinc no higher fare.?Office,
Howard'? fJ-yr. ?:* Kfoauwav ? Paaaeug.ra will be forwarded
bv'SHage to Alba 'y ?y to fii.*-from any point on tl,e Rant
aide of the river where the boaU mey be eomi>clled by ice to
"/fjenta will be on board each of the mail boat* tegireaasiatance
an I information
Thir line eatend' to Montreal, touching at Albany, (office
nnder the Muaeum) and embracer a very direct and commitdioui
route thither. ..... ,, . ? j
The atagea auu h ornea of h.ia line will be found really tlie
' beat on the Albviy route.and no d<caption.
The alricteet attention mil be paiu to the comfort, convenience
aud apeadof all who may giva ua the prtl'ereticr.
When the river ahall be abut up riiti civ, Red BirdStagei
Will run ill through from New York c t? to Albany.
S. HOI, I , I a .
M.H. BAXTER,JAgenU.
I. V BAKER, rmprietor. d'lfilm*
NEW YORK AN ) ALBANY. Stage
P ?fllLiue. on both?i lt? North River ?Office nt
the 111stand. Wistern otel.9 Courtlaudt
street ? Kmc < ?.?Th* line in the we it aide of live ri?er ia
formed I'r m Sow York to Pierinnnt by ateamboiit Utica,
( Iroir Pier moot to Goshen by the railroad, and thence to Albany
by s'age. Pvs engers hy this line n ay lesve New York
every morning (Sunday a exc pled) at o'clock, and arrive in
Albany nsit morning by 9,
Thia 11 vhe shortest. ;iuck?at and cheapest route tu Albany.
The railroad care are Urge, commodious and Warmed by
atorea.
The line on the raet aide will be by steamboat daily as far I
aa the ice will pgruiit,
F,. BFACH.
Passe hgtrs for Newburgh and T'altx may secure pa-sage at
thia o^h-e by ateanvhoa. and rsihoad to Turnei'a, 16 vnilea Ihia
aide of V. wburgh where stages will be in reidiu ss to conrey
them to ihe abova gained pla ea. dm tji
VIA STONING TON, DAILY.
eatM HAKNUEN It GO'S American and Foreign
Expreae Foreign Letter, and General Forwarding
Office.?Package* of all kind*, aample gooda,
bunk nntrx. will le rrr n r J and torwarded
In Express, lo and from the following pi veer:?
From Boston to Liverjiool, London. Manchester, Birmingham,
and Leeds, Eng., Dublin and Cork, Ireland; Glasgow ana
Orwaootk, 8eetlaii<r. Paris aud Havre, France, and from Bostga
to Providence, New York, Phi!adcl|>hia, and from Troy
and Albany, having recently made arrangements with the Peo
ike's Line to that effect.
/IIAR.NIIB.N k CO will attend to collecting or paying
Oralis, Notes. Bills or Acceptances, and the purchasing ol
\ gooda of every description, or transient i-usiness of any kind,
I h Which thar undertake promptly.
Let'er Bags will be kept at their Boston.New York.Phils'
dolpiiu iud Albany elficea, for Cunard's R.iyal Mail Liue of
steam ships: also, lor the steamer Ot eat Weilern.and the sailing
pockets from New York.
TAKE IfOTtOE ?Pnakngoo sent to either office,for Eng
land. oral y other place, innet not. in any case,emit.,in letters I
N. B. All goad* mml be marked HAR.V DEN k CO.. who
are alooe responsible for the hue or injury of any articles or
properly committed to their care: nor is any risk assumed hy,
nor can any be attached to Ihe B It P. and S Railroads, > r the
N.J. Steam Navigation Co., on whose mads, or iu whose
steamers, their crate* are or inay be transported, in respect to
them or their content! at any time.
Knrgs?st-r.s: Messrs. Flotcher. Aletaivler V ("o , Liverpool
aa<l Loudon; Welles Si Co.. B inkers, Paris, France;
Thomas B. Curtis, Esq.. Boston; Onodhne k Co., New York;
Carer Si Hart, Philadelphia; aud Thomas W Olcott, Esq.,
Albany.
Oritcxxs;? No 9* P.iver street, Trov; It F.achsnge, Albany;
49 South Third tat. Philadelphia; IS Church street.
Liverpool; I Court stiect, Boston; Union Buildings, Prori
' WM.WYMAN, Agent,No.iWsll.t.New York.
?yt? HABNDEN fa CO.
gmgt h I IR h -i REW s B L' ItTi ?FA lTE aTTC?&s3>
RANGF. M F NT?Thy Steamboat OS IRIS.
IHi ? Tf I i i l i Allaire, w inn-nee rnuumron
Balnrday Sept. Mill. a* follow*leave Fniton Market ?I|1>,
Cut River, every Saturday at 10 o'clock A.MTueaday.
Wednesday, and 1 rtday at S o'clock A M.
Returning, leave* Red Dank every Moodav- morning; ot 10
'clock A. M ; Tueaday, Wediieaday, and Friday, at half-yaat
w It o'clock P.M.
V Tke boat will run a* above until further notice, navigation
Md went Iter permitting. o*?m*
I FALL A RHANtTiMl-.N T-l'Ol: 4 *.i"Kt.Ki" S i fc, aNU
ft MtW YORK.
e?i TJbe fiat amlinc ateainboat OSEOLA.Capt
(V ligj a^e'.aln Venlmr Trueadalr, for the remainder of
f JL?dl iT ttc*e**on will leave the iteamboat pier, foot
, of Chamber! a'reet, every Tuesday, Thuraday *ndS<(urday
' afternoon*. ?t 3 o'clock?landing. up and down, at Caldwell'*,
Wat Point. Cold Hp in* Cornwall, Fiahkill Lauding. New
Hamburg, and Milton. Returning, leaves Pouehkeenaie every
Monday. Medue?day and Friday morning. at 7 o'clock Alter
the l?t of November, the Oaeula will leave Pnughke<-|,*te at
f o'clock in the morning For paaaKitc. apply to th. I anlain.
on bonrd, or to D. RANDOLPH MARTIN,
?? 114 Weat at.
" STJSTEN IRE AND tiKni
Foot of Whitehall Ttfeet. j)1*
~hT."eiune, 9TATEN I8LANKIt
Leave* Stalen Uland Leavra Whitehall
At 8 o'clock a M. At I o'cldik a.M
"19 " "II
" i r.M " t * F.N
" " H '
- 4 " " I " ?
On Sunday thcv* wil! he two boat* to run. The laat boat
leave* htaten Uland at * n'rloea, e. M. ot
nontl LINK. (IF imiUOATI FOR Ai.ita y
, wxvi a* THE Hew and (. imnodnma ileainlmwl
Ar>-r*S?J3r NORTH AMERICA, < apt. M 11 fro*?n
T*" 'r II. It ivea the uteamb I t pter between ( or!land)
and Liberty itrueif, on W>doe?day and Friday afternoon*
at? o'clock.
For paaaage or freight, apple to T. C. Schulli at the omce on
Ike arharf.or on hoard.
N.B. All kind* of property taken only at tie n*k of the
Owner* (hereof. d!4
T. rtlWELX A CO.'8 LINE.
*40**% 0m HOH NKWBl RtHI. landing at CALD
Cl^kCQiWkLL'S. WEST POINT AND COLD
3KrLidC2EsPRlNU-The alean.boat HK1HLAND1 R
Qm4. Robert Wardrep. will leave the foot cf Warren *tne4
Sow York.every Monday,Ttvi ?Jay and Saturday aflernoook
g| ? r* Returning, th* Hiah antr will leave Newburgh
* morning at I o'clock. an t wemUy and Friday
Dei o'elock.
For or yaaeag*. an ply to the Captain on board.
.S. 8 All baggage and freight of every dweriptiaa, bank
I tal* arapccie, on I on board thi* boat, **ii*t be ad the rwkof th*
anwi thereof, unit** t kfll of lading *r receipti* tigned far
E NE
N
kjr albany.
.MM 0gL Ttir ateamhnaU sou I'H AMERICA and
KOCHKSTKK, will on and after Kriday,
October 1. leave for Albanv at 6 o'clock, every
neoiar Himdava eai ent.d mete ml of 7. an heretofore etft
a?? u _aa> Seoul Alt .vi'aiL li.\ tT VUk cuovi
C. -Jt.a-Ls.4a PENCE AND BOSTON, rie STONINOflCaOE-TON
AM) NEWPORT, compnicd of the
"kHow r\t superior rtumfn, running in connection with the
ttouiugton and Providence, and Boslou aud Providence Kaii N*.
MASSACHUSETTS.Capt .Comatock.
RHODE ISLAND,Capt.Thayer.
MOHEGAN. .
NAHRAOANSETT.Capt Woolsey.
One of which will leave New York daily, Huudayiexceptad,
from pier No. I North River. Battery Mace, at 4 o'clock P.M.
.Arrangement. _
The NARRAUANSETT.on Moudayaand Thuradayt.for
Matunariaa.
The MASSACHUSETTS, Tueadaya and Kridaya, for
dtuuiiiKton, Nevmmrt. and Providence.
TheKHODEISL AND. on Wednesdays and Saturday),for
dtomngton, Newport, and Providence.
Passengrreon thearrivalo." theeteamers at Stouiugten. may
take the Railroad Oaaaand vroeeed immediately to Providence
Hid Boatno, or when they go round, may, if they prefer it, re
main on board and take the accommodation train from Provitenas
to Boaton.
Freight U*eu atthefollowingredueed rates :?ToBoaton,on
Measurement goods, 9 cent) per cubic foot, mid on inerchaiiditr
jeuerally, aevtu dollars per ton. To Providence,oil measurement
good*.alveenta perenbiefoot jylS
The cheapest and moat expeditious Route
TO BOSTON,
Via Hudson. Pittstield, Springfield aod Worcester.
Kor HUDSON and intermediate places.
.Mtey sr.j The new and elegant steamboat CO'.-UM
J,- BIA, Capt. T. P. Newbury, will leave the foot
vi Vm of Cedar street every Tuesday, lhursday aud
Saturday at 5 P. M.
(K/- Karelroin New York to Boston, if paid onboard the
boat, *?.
The Passage Train of the Hudson, Berkshire sad Western
Kailio.nl will run in Conner.ion with tins bout as follows
Leave Hudson daily (Sundays eicepted) at I i.a, arrive at
Pittslield at half past 8, at Sniiugtield at 18 uoou, at Worcester
If r. at., aud at Boston at half past 8 r. M
107" Ticket! for Boetou must be |iroctired on board of tliii
boat only.
Kor passage or freight, apply on hoard, or to CROOKK,
fOWKS it IdO. at the corner of West aud Liberty streets.
8 1m
ASf3^ KOR LONuO.N ? Regular p u-m I ui Hie v.lJau ?
Thr well know u fast sailing packet ship ST J \ MLS,
JWWtOapt.M-yrr. bur hen 1 Olio toil), will positively sail
as above. 1 his splendid ship has accommodations for cabin,
second cabin, and sleerag' passeug rs,full> equal to . ny olher
mediate application he inadc ou hoard fno' or Maiden 'lane, or
to GLOVER Hi McMURRAY,
100 Tine *t, cor Hi Ssuth it.
P.8.?Persons wushing to fetid 'or th<i_r friends, can hare
them brought ou' in the abore favorite ahip. or any ofthe regular
line vailing from London on the 7(h, 17th, and 37ih of
each inon'h, and those wishing to remit money, can procure
droits on Messrs. Phillips and'i'iplady of Lou on, pa>ableat
aiglit, hy applying aa shove, dm
FOR \1 AKSEILLES?'I lie coppere i Kronen ong
RK8-'LU,C?pt. B >>er.
tfACia For freight or passage apply to
ul'O B 'YL> St HINCKEN, ? Tontine Buddings.
rgf- PACKET FOR HAVRE?decomt Line? I'lu-ship
JMfVUriCA, K.Hewitt, master, will sail on toe brat of
ffiMiCeJineary.
BOYD Sc HINCKEN, AgenU.
il ( Tontine Ouiloiugg.
FOR LIVERPOOL?New Line?Regular Packe
'he 35th January ?Tne aplendid faat aaiung packet
firrnbm ahip SHERIDAN, ('apt. F. A. Depeyater, of 1000
ton*, will sail aa abore, her regular day.
F?r freight or paaaage, having accommodations unequalled
foraplcndor or comfort, apily on board at Orleans wharf, foot
of Wall it or to E. K. COLLINS k CO.,
60 South atrect.
Price of passage $100.
The packet ahip (iarrkk, Capt. Wm. fckiddy, of 1000 tona,
will aucceed the Bktridan, and sail on the 35tb February, Iter
regular day.
Passengers may rely upon the ships of this line sailing punctually
aa advertised. doa
I xJt?. K >R L( VEKPOOL.- Packet ?t the 1st J aiiuaiy?
jfljjJpVThe superior first class fast sailing packet ship HEN.
jfiKglifaPAKKHILL, Captain Hoit, will sail as above, her
she has superior accommodations for cabin, aeeonJ cabin,
and steerage passengers. Persena wishing to secure bertha
should make early application t?
026 JOHN HERD M AN. 0| South s'reeL
! FOR NEW OULEaN* ? I.ouisi.ius lani ivew
^HnVYork Line?Rcgu'ar Packet ot the 6'h Januari ?The
jWUNbaptendid fast sailing packet slop MI SSIS9LPPI,Captain
Hiltrard, will poai'irely sail as above. Iter regular day ?
For freight or passage, having splendid furnished acrommoda
tions,apply on bjard, at Orleau* wharf, foot of Wall street
or to E. K. COLLINS k CO. 30 South at.
Great can will be taken to have the goods by this line correctly
measured.
Agents in New Orleans, Jaa O. Woodruff, who will prompt
ly lorwurd all roods to Ilia address
The packet ahip LOUISA, Capt Mill bird, will succeed tha
Mississippi, and aail 10th January, her regular dar. d'lS
"rtg- FOR LIVERPOOL ?I'acaei of .be 7ti ol aau- I
JfyyViiary.?The first class fast sailing packet ship KOS^HmKbCOE,
Capt. Hulleson, will sail as above, her regular
&er accommodations I or cabin, se*ond cabin and steer-ge
possengers.are too well known to require comment Those
persons wishing to secure beiths. should make early application
on b ard,lool of Maiden lane or to
GLOVER It McMURRAY.
loo Pine street, ccruer of South
Tlie splendid pack I ehip Stephen W hstuey. ( apt 1 houipsou.
willsucctoQ the Roscoe, and sail on the 13lli JanuaJy.
d3l
PASSAGE FROM ENGLAND, S( O fLAlsU
iJSJ^AND WALES,by first Spring ships.?The subecrijMMbber*
are prepared to make arrangements for bringing
?bt passengers from London, Liverpoolv Bristol and Greenock,
in first class Aroericanpacketsliips.loaail from each oftheabeve
porta the tint or the Spring. feraaua wishing to send for their
friends to any part ol Great Britain, can make accessary arraugemcnta
By amdying to
yrk f.T. TArSCOTT,
49 South at. conn rGnttvernenrtaae.
Should thepartiea aent fordeclinecomtug.thc passage money
ill oe returned. av4
*n.F*~ LlV EKIUOL?Alevv i.iue?KcguTai faciei
*> of -,15th UeceiHber?The splendid packet ahip SID
i&jaLDONS, Captain E. II. Cobb, of 1000 tons, will anil
?? above, ier regular day.
Korf reight or passage.navingaccommodatioaa une^naPed foi
pleodoror comfort,apply on board, at Orleans whirl .loot ol
Wail St.,or to
E. K.COLLINS h CO. Southatraat
Price of passage J loo
The packet ahip SHERIDAN, Cant. F. A. Depeyiter, ol
loco ow^ succeed the Siddona, and aail tiie 95th January,
.cr regular day.
I'luenieri may rely on the snips of thislinesailing punctua!ly
11 advertised. oj*
Z7 V- PASSAGE EltOM IIA.MBOHU, UKIUlAhk ?
?? -"jW DIRECT ?The subscribers have a regular auceea
of first cl.ua eeaiu la, leaving Hamburg twice a
Tvionlh. Persona wishing to setid for theirTrienda. residing in
?ny part of ijerinany. caw avail themaelveaoflhia arrangement.
Dralta for any amount can a la a be furnished. imyablr in H.imiu:r.
For futlker particulars, apply (if br letter.poat paid) to
HKKDMAN fc KVENAN, bt South et.
?1S WILLIAM G4BHON. Esq.. Atrmt at HimMir*
.iS FOR NEW ORLE ANS-PiCket ot the ai l lau
swYjTV uary?The firat clan last aai'ii g packet ahip FAIRSv
J??liKI K LD. Captain Wilaon. will aail aa above, her re
till a day, and can in a auptrior manner accommodate cabin,
9nd cabin and steerage isuaengen, if immediate application be
u'.atle on board ibe rhipT ot of Pi .e at , or to
if J HKRDMAN fl South at.
" RE vllT I'ANcfcH I'OF.NGcaND IK1.LANU
J SCOTLAND, AND WALES?i'eraoua i rocevdiug
Waftrtilw'ir remitting money to their frienda rraidmg in any
part of the old country, cm at all timra obtain from ihe aubacnhere
drafts at aight, (or any amount drawn direct on the following
banks. If to Ireland, on the Koyal Bank of Ireland and on
Messrj I'rescoti, Orote. Amea fc Co., bankers, London, which
are paid free of discount or any charge whatsoever, in every
town throughout Great Britain and Ireland. For terms apply
or address, if hy letter poat nuid, to
HOCHE, BHOTHEKS k CO J5 Fulton at.
New York, neit de ir to the Kul'on Bank.
Persona deairoua of aemliug for thrir f it nda or relative*,can
mike the necessary arringemtira with tie subaciib rs, and
hare them brought out in first class American packet ships
tailing from Liverpool weekly, during the coming year, 184'i,
and one of the firm. Mr. JAMES U. ROCHE, is there, and
will remain lo see all those whose paaragi a are pai I there, forwarded
with oare and despatch. For passage,or further paiticalsrs,
apply as above. dll
AAXr NKVYYORK AND LIVERPOOL KEG I I.Ai.
COMMERCIAL LINE OF PACKETS-Sailine
twefcllCiWeekll"?Passage from Great Britain and Ireland,
via Liverpool?The subscribers continue to bring out paesru
gers wrlio may he engaged by their friends here, on very moderate
terms, for firat class skips sailing from Liverpool weekly.?
Drafts fir any amount can also be fnnusked, payable throughout
tlie Unite*! Kingdom. Far further particulars apply,if by
taller i<ostpaid,to
o*? JOHN HKRDMAN.9I South at.
*&? DRAFT* TO ENGLAND, IRELAND, S< OT)
'j;79 LAND AND 1VAL_K1?Persons d?siro4nM>f send
money i ? innr inning ill KII) pay, mi n:r ...
country can be euppli--d with draft* at rtatltt, payable at the
National and Provincial Ba-ika of Ireland an. Branthfa.
Meeera Jamee Bolt Smt la ( n., London, ind Exchange *n.|
Dieconnt Batik Liverpool, whirh are paid on demand iu all
the imucipal town* in the UinLd Kn.fi im Kor term-, Ac .
api'ly to ? W k J T. TAPSLOTT.
General Paae*ge Office, 41 ninilh gtreet,
Where. al?... arrangement* can be mide lor page irn In
come out from th- oid e n try in firat elaaa American iaeket
ahlpa, Comm .niled bv rxia-rienceit certain*. one of whi h will
leave Liverpool every an daya ihrangtmu'. the coming nnnn;
and p<raoua about tending Inr their fnenda mar rely that
e?ery car? an!attention willbernd to render thi i**a??ge
comfortable. For particular* apalv nn nbove. die
PASSAGE Vuo.vt liltP.A I BUI 1 \ N a * D IHkLAAB
&?: .?& ^
The tubariibert continue to make em (amenta to tiring out
p-iaeenyera from the old coiiuiiy, by tliipa of ihr f.rat el m all
American built, and commanded by men long n d la?orahiy
known in the trade. 1 lie veaaele eninpoeinc line line tail
weekly from Lirert-ool, eonaiqumtly all uuneceeaary d< lay to
pateengert i? folded
Peraooe about to make engagemenla for th? ir friei da to emigrate
the eiuming teuton, will eludy their own interest and the
iniereat and comfort of Ihnr frienda. ?) r akii.g aueh englf einrii'e
with tlie -ubecibera. aa n? rvpeimn or paine are tpand
to earn lha' preference which baa fji many ycnia been ntended
to them.
Ae haa always been cnatomary with'hit line, when the partiea
aettled for decline coming out, the paae-ge arna-y i*
promptly refunded to hnee from n ho in it wan rr rened, without
reduction.
A free p taaaje pereteamSoat from the vanlua porta of Ireland
and Scotland to Liverpool, can iikewue be eetari d. Kor
farther particular*,
Apply in SAMUEL THOMPSON,
Old eetabliehed park-4 office. 379 Pearl at.
C GRIM8HAW It Co ipfinre* I'laaren, L verpool
Draft* or earhaugt at tight and for any amount, are alao lurDialled
on H.L Glyn It <>., bauaere, London, <y (iritnah* ? A
? Utve'pool, Hie Northern Banking t o and National Bank,
of IreU d. and National Bank of Scotland, pa, able at tin ir
wpitlin hranihag. Apply aa nbove djt im*
w * ' T TAPHC OT1 h
GENERAL EMIGRANT PASSAGE. OFFICE,
" jL-Mi*ect iky, mefl jnaU ilrrrl, jfr* Kork
m m
Arrangement* canal altt> .e }be mad^Tuither oZO^aTor*
office, for bnugiiig out !>* *..? * on the moat farormhle term#,
from all part* of England, li eland, Scotland and Walee, in fira*
clae* American packet ainpc,tailing fnun Lirerpoolevery week,
thereby t?rerentmg nnnereenary detention.
A free pannage from the vanone eeaimrte of Ireland and Sealland
lo Liverpool It fiaran(?e?ed,aad drafte for the -Tr'Tnmt
dntnm ofpaeaengera.paraf.iethroughout Great BriUia and im
and. All letter* muet be poet paid. Mf
W YO
EW YORK, SUNDAY MO
NOliCE.? fro, oeale will I*- received at the ortice of the
Coin*iia?ar> Uenerai of 1'urchaeeii,in iWiUdrlplua, to lurnull
the following material* and ar .lelre for the United Statu
Army, for the year IMI, rie
Blue rloth, 6-1 aidr, <1 v ed in indigo and in the wool
Sky blue twit<< d Cloth, C-4 a l ie
Unbleached Cotton Shirting, 7 g wide
Bleached do do do
flannel of Cotton and Woel.T-g wide
Canton Kianncl.3-4 wide
Unbleached Cotton Dulling, 1-4 and 7-3 wide
Blrwrhed do 8-4 wide
Uniform Cap*. for Dragoons, Artil ery and Infantry
Pouipoous, for Artillery end Infantry
Hair Plumes. for D'agouu*
Band* ai d Tassel* do
Algmllrttes, Artillery and Infantry
Wonted Sashe*. do do and Dragoon*
Shoulder Strap*, do do
Do IbramOf >r Dr-goona
F.paulettea.Non. Com d Sialf. Artillery and Infantry
Woollen half Stocking*
Laced Boottef
Lratiier Stock*
Blanket*. 81 feet lore 5 fert wide, weight 4 pound*
Metal Cap KqnipmeuU, for Dragoon*, Artillery and Inf.
Felling Ale*
Ha'clieU
Spade*
Drum*.complete, with Stick*. Sling*, and Costa
Wonted Hinding and Cord, of alt kind*
Common Tiau
Wall Tent* and Flic*
lloapital Tent*
Fainting and Strapping Knapsacks
Casks and Cooperage, for one year from 1 at April next.
(The quantity i.ud number of these aitide* will be deter
mined hereafter.)
The whole are to ;be of ilomeatic mannfactnred material*.
Pattern* of a'l the required Woollen nnd Cotton Cloth* and
articlea.are deposited in the Commissary General'* Ofiiee, in
tin* city, for examination. Samples ol the Woollen and Cotton
('lath* will be sent to any manufacturer ou application to
thi* Olfire, by mail.aud euch information given a* may be deaired.
The Bootee* arc to be of et*rA/ ?ixee, and the I a|? of
Jive mx?*. The *ixe* and proportion* of silt* will be ataled in
the contract*
On thceamplr* and patttrn* exhibited the con raets wiH be
founded and mapeeiiou* made, and iio article will be received
that ie interior ill the material or worlraiaiudtip to, or that doe*
not correspond in every rea[iect with the pattern on which a
CO tract i* fooi ded.
The supplie* ere to be delivered at the United State* Arsenal,
near Philadelphia, lor inspection. in equal monthly portion*.
and the contract* are to be fulfilled ou or before the l*t
day of Ju'y, 1843
The propocai* mut be in writing, iex'ed. and itidoraed,
u Proposals," and must reach the Office of the t>nmmi**ary
General of Purcha?es. on or before the ITtli fav of January,
1843. No proiaxal will be received af er 3 o'clock of that day.
Security will be required f >r the fulfilment of contract*.
J. WASHING I ON TVSON.
Commiaaary General oi Purchase*.
Commissary Gkixv:hal'? Okfice,
Philadelphia, Deceinlier 17lh, J84I. d 19 codt 117
ARTIFICIAL TEfiTH.
ARTIFICIAL TKBTH?Without Clasp* Ligature* Sic.
trum a aiHgte tooth to a full and complete e<t. on the principle*
of atmoaplieric pressure, by M. LfciVF.TT, Den'ist.
360 Broadway. (MMrrf Warren *t
[Fromthc New York Commercial Advertieer-l
A friend at our elbow request* u* to notice *ome teeth he
had inserted by Dr. Levett, of No. 360 Bro idway, and Instate
ki* *n(ir? ahiif. rlinn. litii rtnlv uritli rttritril In ll.p (K?iti
selves, but the maimer in which this delicate operatiou nu
performed.
Or. Levelt hat been too long before 'he public as the iutrodarerof
the * Atmospheric I re sure Piinciple," to require a
y liable from ui
Copy uf a letter from (Jen. Duff Green to M. Lerett.
Baltimore, Sept.23 1811.
Mr Levett?I write at the request of a friend for w hom yon
mtdeaee'of artificial teeth, to say that they have given entire
eatiefaction, and that your principle of atmospheric preesore
is fully verified. I feel a duty to you and to such an may
stand in need of your professional services to recommend them
to you. Your obedient servant, DUFF GREEN.
jt tin ___ M. LEVETT.3S0 Broadway.
rVjrf (Villi HORNS?Taken from cattle slaughtered in this
I ?Jr.C/V7v city. Forsale. in lots to suit purchasers by
the Butchers Hide Aetociatiou, comer 5th etreet and lei Avenue.
l?s m"
Dtok'Air|U) Til". I'M.
pakisentT specific.
A sure cure for the Tooth Ache, eafennd easy in the
application, certain in its curative effects?a remedy well
test d. aud cf long stan ling?Prepared only by J. W. Clowes,
Dentist, aud aold by him, wholesale and retail, at hi* i flice, 47
Bowel it. N.Y. Certificates?The undersigned, having used the
Parisen's Specific, as prepared by Mr. J. W Clowes, unite in
recommending it to the public confidence. L. Parmely, Surgeon
Dentist. 311 Broadway N.Y.; J. Smith Dodge, Snigeon
Dentist, 47 Bond street, N. Y.; N. Dodge,Surgeon Demist 818
Broadway, n. Y : e. o. Burger, Surgeon Dentist, 34 Market
street. N- Y. (}tj~ N B. Nouc is genuine, unless signed by
the proprietor. Sold, also, by the following Druggists. Cot
ion, 813 Bleeckerstreet: King, (41 Broadwav ; Scbirfleliu, II4
Canal St.; Hart's, 878 Broadway, ai.d cor Iludion and North
Mo ire streets; Milnor. 188 Broadway; Burnet; 810 Chatham;
Syme, 83 Bowery, eor Walker at.; Hutching, imi Bowery, and
Doolittle,84( Centre at; price per vial 80 cents?half viai 86.
d18 lm'
DR. TaYL'Ita'S BALSAM Of LIvEKtVOltl'.-Al the
old establish ineut. 375 Bowery.?'The person advertising
hi Soring street, first under anonymous initials, then asW.
W. Taylor, aud again as W. W. I haver, Ins not now, nor
never has had any connection with the establishment at No.
875 Bowery The late proprietor, K. A. Thayer, nad but
oue brother, named William W. Ihayer?he has not t*-ea
in the house id his deceased brother for several years. About
four year ago he opened a store at 111 Spring street, and advertised
Rogers' Balaam of Liverwort, and near two years
ago came before the public in support of Burrilt St Co in imi1
tating Dr Taylor's Balvum of Liverwe rt?md again eoenr* forward
claiming the proprietorship of s <1-1. ni< ilieioe. when it
was well known that at the time ihe proprietor, the I'te FA
Thnyer first ietrodnced this celebrated medicine, W W Thayer
was about fourteen years <>l age.
Be errefnl where you buy?Purchage only?mind this Ontr
?at the old office. 375 Bowery, between Fourth and Fif.h
streets Our agents will plewae add-ess as formerly I'lllm"
DR. TAYLOR'S BALSAM OF LIVERWORT.?fiOOO
Reward will be paid to any person who will prove tliasseitioug
of the "* Widow iu the Bowery" t? be true, that I
am uot the brother of her late husband. F. A. Thayer, or that
I do not possess the orig ml re:ipe for Taylor's Balsam of
Liverwort or that I uever made or sold this medicine at my
l?l? r-.U-n... 37S Kew-rr
W. W. Thatk*. 441 Spring it. i
f aUTiow?Beware of the statements of the interested and
fraudulent ! Daily im s' shameful atiaeke are made, calcula- j
ted to deceive purchasers ami other*. ai well to depriie the
rightful proprietor of >11 their jmt claims- Remember, there
ie but one original recip; in existence, and that i* in Snriuc it.
fix ra wh.cli the medicine wai originally prepared fiy then
in the Bowery, and established the medicine iu itt high repute.
Touch uoue made by those who are try iug to deceire
pin by falte aiiertiona. Purchase only that made fiom the
>rig1uai recipe in Spriig ttreet ana you are ccrtaiu of the
genuine.
Agents and others supplied, on highly favorable lerms. by
the iole proprietor, W. W. Xhivkh, 3tl Spring it reft formerly
375 Bowery. dig I mis'
Permanent establishment.
MO 18. MALL AN St SONS, Surgeon Dciitiati,373 Broadway
and at London and Pant, inf orm the public of New
York aad lie ricitiity. th it in co.seijusnce of th ir very retentive
practice, they have at length been induced to o|ien a permanenteitabliihinent,
where th-y may be conaulted daily, i
373 Bnadway betw en Franklin and White ittce'i, ill all
cases appertaining to th ir profession, in which they have been
o successful, in con*, ipience of their celebrated diegoverics
and improvements in the art of Deiiiii'ry dai I m*
BRKKSHIKK OOAK FOR SALE.?For sale cheap, a
choice, thorough bred Berkshire Boar. Can be seen in the
rear of ?3 Croel>> strer t.near Pituce. jS
PEACH ORCHARD NUT Ct)AL AT LACKAWANNA
FRICE8.?Real Peach Orchard, Reil Ash, L'rge
Not Coal, d.iibly aereened, and delivered to any part of the
city free of cartage, at >7 50 ; Broken or Egg, $8 50; Lehigh,
$8 00; Screened Liverpool, $11 00. Apply at yard Sua Washington
street, near Spring. d13 3m
American bank lock company, for saw ?,i
andrew^' celebkateD combination
LOCK,'' are now ready to recrire orders for this celebrated
Lock, an I having gnppfi-d the numerous orders heretofore received
are now prepa>ed from the extensive arrangements
the manufastnreis of these Locks to deliver at toe shortest
tice. The design of the aurMiation ia to furnish thein to
everr Bank in the United Btatca, and the security thea hava
heretofore furnished to such hanks aa have applied there
ago oat being robbed, having often been tested by burglars, is
sufficient proof that no hank can be considered a safe depofitw
ry without theae locks on their vaults or sales. All oth?i
locks can ami hare In en opened, while th<se la I d'fiaucr lo all
attempts, and liie combination ol changes it can nnderg , varying
from 4,1)91 to 1 ,000,000. at the will of the o .vner, 'urmthes
security not found m any oilier mode of fastening. Ixtcka f r
safes and store doors from 136 t?4.0?4 chaiiyis
As relates to the superiority of this lock over anr other, reference
is made to any of the banks in Walt a* reel, New \ or-.
Directors and oflicen of bunks ere rro '" - J toexajinus the
L icks. and orders will be received al li e olf.ee of
WADBWOHTH Ik SMITH,
dl 4 4 donee' lane, agents for the city.
WITHMUT MKHCL'HY.?UH. V II B?; NINA. Iih? ihe '
nonor ol tulorniing me ciuvru* ol New Vora, tii.ii t
he enree radically, oti me hoincoiwinic system, ana in i uvt t
dari, erery description of lyphilic disease, whether rereut ci
ofloiiK rtsiulinz, without danger of relapse, which ?*ry often '
occurs by the use of mercury. (
The remedy of L)r. Urenua doe* not coaliin * partiels of ,
mercury, ?r ottor eetwrift or poi oaoue miperel, ami .
therefor* rennet possibly exercise any deleterious int'uenc* '
r>B the body. It CM be WHUMHf eltltttllltfllh its opera- (
(Hill ie alw .?>? eafe, end no bed coM?)ittiicti <-'in follow-from i
lie iter, Uo-.ever critical the circumsiani e< under which it if
t*k ?.
.1i~f* Patients wishing adriee r ui rnesult "r. Renin* at hie t
olfice, (iranite Building. corner ?f Broadway ami Ciiamoers ,
t reel, cut ranee iu Chambers sue t.at ativ l.ourfroin I" * M
to f f. M. jt im I
Nib:.O H (SAHIIK.V -To I III. I.MVK. 'S OK H.OIIA. 1
Messrs. NIBl.O k 1>TTNLAP wouM mist re?i?eetf ?I! I)' inform
gr etlrmrn wanting h iu<]e*te. the' ih-y are fully prepared r
to eu ply order* to any em nt, ?ud on >e?so .able lerin*.
The Cnus.rrati'y and green hones at 57X Broadway, an I at
Harlem, will eoneinee any lady or grollstnan who will the '
proprietors are |irr|nre.i to exec ti nnier*. winch will be at all |
timre all. nded to w it li neatnrsa and despatch,
La?li sgiS'Bg *4irce* or ball, can betirp't-d w th plants of
la rye or email six*. Alan, cut 0 .were, which will he arranted 1
in ihe moat taetrful manner by Mr. T. Duiilnp, who has be u I
lony and favorably known In the luyrrs n( plan's (
The I ousrreatory at Nibl -'s Oirdrn w ill a ways ha open le
the ladirs fur promenade an I erery at'eution paid th*in? '
there are now th uaanila of that ap'enalid fin * er. the Camellia, I
cowing into blooin. rraiii- of which are of Ihe beet *11" to .
present to the ladies lor der riling ibeir windows, anil which
w ill be eold at moderate |? icce, with every other article in their I
lin* I
Freeh Wild feed*. O Id Kish, Illohee ke. dM j
C""COCKS?At SMITH'S Hr.s. and RPond Clock Kelnhli-v I
'ment. ai the corner < f the Bowery ami I'maion etrrel, all j
kinds of clacke fee be had at whnlee ile ami retail foreasii.of
enperier quality wdeiukntMliip, Mil M the lowest p-**ihle '
price*. Also clicks for eliiireh steeple*. fir hanks. |iu'.|it |
ro-unsand w itch makers rrgu atnra ol a tupstior finish made ,
to eideri eeeewd to mm wquekty.eed rnted f.-r Um
Haii.ples always on hand and .r.ay lie caamnnd by calling at 1
the ware rooin. Kntranee Tt B.wir.. I
RANSOM SMITH Proprietor
At Baltimore,II South Charles street, w a b'aiich of this retahishm-at,
here orders for large or nail clock', lu all thr w
varirtie'.at wholeeile or retail, ?ill be promptly executed by I
kmiih k Keen, Proprietor* to Baltimore.
RANSOM SMITH
dt? UPWARD FF..VN 1
pAPI'.K WAKF.HOt'SK.-rKUHSK. k BHOOKS, .No. ?l
1 Libetty street, offer for aula the following assortrneut tH
Paper on the m*et reasonable terms :
too reams JBsCt ( { #0# reams MiM (
K? do MaWf Vai.w.,,.,-. j <" <> J?
?M do HUT f[,,*w,P?P r < ?)0 do UxM 1
? # do %*xtr J (pi# do m? i
to#reams I art4. Book. I
Together with Bos eeeortmeet of Writiugsed Wrappeag
Payer of aoy*aise er quality made t# order #1 ahon I I
RE 1
iRNIXG, JANUARY 9,
Mwntgouitry, Alauuma.
[Correspondence of the Herald ]
MohtoomilRY, Ala , Dec. 27, 1841.
Montgomery. Alabama, Trade?Locyiim?Kcligio
Imxo and Moral*.
Mr. Editor?
Montgomery, a* you well know, i? situated o
the Alabama rirer, and ai regard* the plan of tb
city, it in all probability, resembles no other.Its
founder* entirely lo*t sight of the line of beau
ty in Hogarth's acceptation of the term, when the;
laid it out, or they either thought that if there wa
any beauty in line* at all, it existed in those line
which formed angles, and as a prooi of this, I wd
merely state that the greater portion of our towi
i* composed of triangles. 1 contend, Mr. E'Jitoi
that they exhibited their good taste in this respect
Show nu a man who likes to see a city laid on
regularly in squares? a iqnaro here and a iquar
there, like a chess hoard, and then 1 will show yoi
a man whose taste is corrupted, tor a man who i
fond of such uniformity is a man of bad taste, an<
I should like to see any one convince me of th<
contrary? and one who knows not that " variety i
the spice ot lite." Why, sir, such a man is wore'
oil' than if he had no taste at all; for if he had a<
taste, then he would not always be advancing hi
opinion on matters of ta-te, contrary to the opin
ion of every one el-e ? that is, if he was a mai
of any sense?and besides, sir, it would save soin<
humane and charitable person the trouble ot tryin;
to convince th a worse than senseless being, tha
his taste was most mi-ersilv corrupted.
Rut to return to Montgomery. As I lietore stated
it is situated ou the AUbsraa river?.it (his seism
of the year u bold and navigable stream ?about ter
miles br- low the junction of the Consa and Ta'a
poosa, and in the midst of the nmet fertile regioi
perls ips ih the State Steamboats run constantly
in the winter sea on, between this p'ace and Mo
bile, and they arc of the tinest kind; in point ol
comfort and elegance,they are but seldom equalled.
We have several good hotels, and double as inanj
bad ones, the former doing respectable business
a. J the lat er none at ell- We have also a bank ai
this place, with plenty of paper money, but n<
specie in it. There are plenty of men to drau
the money out, but few that are witling to pay i
back.
*v e nave a plenty 01 cnurcnes ncre, nnu h? man]
ministers?plenty of poor preaching, and I cxpec
the minuter* pay ia equally an bad.
Our Circuit Court adjourned a week or two ago
and the way law and j istice was administered
while it was in session, made the loafers lie leu
and keep dark. Three persons were convicted o
murder, and as many more should have been serve*
Up after the same manner. One of them has beet
pardoned, and the other two sentenced to be hung
and by the will of God, they will have that exqui
site pleasure, so rarely enjoyed by any one in tbii
section of the eountry, of swinging at ease in th<
air, supported by about nine feet of line hemp rnp<
tied handsomely uround the neck; and there the]
will have the privilege of kicking at the image
which their imaginations may picture, or the occa
m?n piesen', and in whatever direction they ma]
think proper. One of tho hanging scenes will tnk<
plac- on the third of January uext. I will sent
you a full account of the performance, with all th
particulars. A large audience ia expected on tha
occasion.
The reader may probably ask my reasons fo
riving this description of Montgomery, its hotcli
banks, churches, &c.;if so, this is my answer.There
may be seme one who is ignorant of what
have here written, and while it is a pleasure to m
to impart information, it must be a pleasure to th
uninformed to receive it; and besides it is no smaJ
thing to figure in a newspaper.
A Looker ok is Venice.
An Evening Soiree In Shelsen.
Affair of a Cab?Singular Acrit'ant?Draunng ou
a Pair?A Ball?Dancing?Hat*, fjfe.
Dear BexkeiT:?
If it will not be occupying too much Bpace it
your valuable paper, permit me to give you a shot
and faint description of a ball which recently tool
place Chelsea
A modern invention, excellently calculated t<
render futile all attempts at seniitn"nt, or evet
sleep, and which is technically termed a cab, drawn
by a sorry horse, who appeared to be laboring undei
a rense of his degraded condition, was brought ti
the door at ft P. M. We, afier weighing wi ll tin
risks of a broken neck, or limb at least, (the usual
reward in sucheasep of misplaced confidence,) en'
tered this vehicle, of all others the most dangerou
and inconvenient. After lumbering heavily through
the streets at the rate of a mile auu a half uh hour,
we arrived at the building iu question.
V-/JI gCUin^ inn Ul HUI uiam^nu muatiwii, no tuunu
a cab drawn up near the door, and a crowd laugh
ing and jokiug, gathered around. Our disposition
bring to pursue knowledge even under difficulties,
we elbowed our way to the c *ntre of the crowd,
where we very soon discovered the cause of the
'row"
The gentleman and lady who were sitting in the
cab, had, on endeavoring to get out, discovered that
the handle of the door had been lost or broken oil,
ind that all efforts to o|>en the door were useless
The suggr blioiis of the crowd as to the best possible
means of extricating themselves from their singu
lar situation, were various. One man proposing to
beat in the top with an axe, as you would cracli a
lobster. This, as you may suppose, waft tnost stoutly
opposed by the q?,oman, who finally suggested that
die ge ntleman and lady be taken out through tht
hole in the door (called l>y courtesy a window,)
md which is about one foot square. The gentlemast
consented to go through 'he operation first, and
lie accordingly, thrusting his head and shoulders as
far through the opening as possible, was drawn
through by several very assiduous cab drivers This
was done smul the subdued applause and gratification
of the mob, but net without our hero leaving
one of the skirts of his coat hanging like a banner
from a nail in the window. Tlie lady now essayed,
but her proportions not being ol that degree of
fineness necessary to ensure a sate delivery, it vvas
wine time doubtful whether the first suggestion
would not have, to be adopted : she actually remaining
wedged iu the windows for some minutes,
luring which the crowd gave three most deafening
;herr*. However, she was finally placed by the
i.Ye of her gny Lothario, and they proceeded to?ether
to htdw themselves from the still admiring
5aze of iiie shmitin&rnultitude.
Having witne sed this novel feat, sifely and hnpmly
concluded, we made the best of our way to the
Jrawing room provided for the gents, which was
jrowded with person-1, who, from tiie lieat and exritemenf,
were perspiring copiously. Here were
issernbled persons of every class in society, from
lie fashionable buck, whose cravat and boots were
(like without a spot, to hirn whose checkered tie
i i?,,i.. ... ,h- Bir jf.H whose boo's were
ilniost hidden beneath the ample trousers. We are
old that this fashion of pants enlarged below the
tnee, and which in peculiar to the fclast-end, gives
freater freedom to the ancle, and enables the wearer
to acccuiplirfi feats in the way of ehuffl-s and
jreakdouua that are actually incomprehensible to
the wearers) your strapped, uiiwnnkled p.inuoons.
After waiting until the "(jcmman" who takes
.'barge of your hat and boots for the " -low shillin,"
:ould aiten t to our wants, we, afier examining our
)?rson in a noble mirror, pulled on a pair of spotlet-s
kids and sauntered to a bull room.
Here, iny dear Benostt, it is impossible to de'cribe
the light and brilliancy of the scene; on every
tide were the brightest creations of nature's works,
if.iyed in various taites, but all handsome and all
(racelul Tiie bugle Bounds?and at the first blast
i.escene changes; in every direction may be seen
he anxious males, hastening to secure a partner for
he set, all in a state of Hgitatiou, and all desirous
rf distingui-hiiig themselves, on the light f.inta-tic
Of. in a few moments the mass becomes motionless,
Hid we then see ihat they have arranged themselves
n regular position. The music 6trik< a up and Hie
jerfotmance commences. Taking advantage of the
.eedom which the nb ence of a lady companion
?erinite, w e promenade the room for the purpose of
recognising such of our lovely acipiaintanc a as may
iap;ien to he there present. Not far do we go helore
we eatrh the eye of lashionahle Miss T ,
he belfe of Broadway, who is smiling, as it uncontciously
hi some remark made by her partner G II
>f Bond street, her t ?* a vi*; Miss M of Canada,
* attended by lier new friend 1> ot Wall street,
Vli!-s B of Crosby stieet is dancing withy?ung
' of VValker street, who it is rumored i-shortly
to lead li?r to the altar. The Misses II o|
BI-*. cker street, Miss A of Hudson street, and
the lovly Misses R ; the last waliz? d together,
ami never have oor eyes been more delighted than
w hil' we were waichiug their airy motions
After remaining until a late hour we rrtitrd to
our h<-me and couch, where sweet Beep and pleaan
dreams awaited us,such aa we hope, dear Bra
net', will alwaye greet you when you return fa
Hgued from the task of teaching John Tyler the
priaciples of whigirm and blcx-k headed yohtici m?
ibe mysteries of modem financiering.
3ERA
1842.
[From Hie Rochester Evening Full.]
Circuit Court.
HON. NATHAN DAYTON, PRESIDING.
TRIAL
OK THE
. REV. W. VAN ZANDT
! FOR SEDUCTION.
y Monday, half past 10 o'clock,
s The Court Houie was crowded to ita utmost el
j tent before the learned Counsel waa ready to ad
II drcaa the Jury in Mr Van Zandt'a defense,at leugl
n the Judge ordered the doora to be locked,and va?
number*, for whom there waa no room, vent awuj
Mr. Sibley aumincd up the evidence for the d<
H fence; said he could see nothing in this cauae o
e which it is pleasant to dwell, either on the one aid
ii or the other; he would endeavor to dispose of torn
s rubbish which had been scattered along eur path
J way in thia case, lest it might impede their stent
[ ami then proceed to the mailt points of the ca?e; h
g complained of the lutitudc of remark used by ih
B Counsel at the opening of the cause, in introducing
a matters which could not be proved, even if prno
h were possible, lie then commented en Mr. Sri
den's remaiks concerning those classes who nr
11 always in extremes, and hence in error, ineauiai
9 those who sen If at all religion, and those who ar
> bigots, superstitious zealots. In a case of this kind
t it is honorable to this coinmuuity to say, that tbeii
sympathies are with the weaker party?a vouh|
, mid interesting female, almost parentless, drivei
i from tke llnwery paths of hope and innocence, i<
I the sear and yeilow leaf of misery and despair.?
i'ho despoiler a professor, a minister of religion
her spiritual pastor. Such is the story told in thii
r case?rumor lends wings to the statement told
against the supposed destroyer, and all are anxiour
to punish the destroyer of injured loveliness and
viigin beauty. Again, there are those who love t*
r see the downfall of hint whom society elevates and
, honors; this envious class is small- Hut there it
t another class?the religious community itself is dii
vided into classes?intosects proteasing one com
j mon objact, yet going ia spirit and in theory divers
t ways. Sectarian and party prejudices mingle in a
case like this whenever a case hi this kind presents
j itself. What are the pages of history, but accnauts
t of the bloody feuds of religious sects! o! what is sectarian
feeling not capable 1 Has it not looked with
delight on the tortures of the martyr 1 Has it not
, deluged with blood the domestic keartb ! 'Ihehur
man mind is improved and molified, but it is the
I same mind,the old spirit exists, to divide neighbor1
hoods, to separate Iriends, to make men look asi
kance at each oiher, and this religious party spirit,
, so capable of evil, rears its snaky crest even in
this cause ! This spirit will participate, although
i the actors may be unconscious of the impulse
i which moves them. We a?k no prepossession oi
n sympathy en the part of the defendant; we only der
sue that we may come before an unprejudiced jury
t The couoiel for the prosecution sought to bring the
- plaintiff before the court a* one likely to be guilty
j of this offence because of hia vocation?has the
E time come when men are to be judged of, and theii
1 guilt or innocence determined,not by the facts pro
r red, but by their occupation, or religious or politi,t
cal party 1 There waa no equality in this doctrine
and he truatedthat profeaaiuna required by society
r would not bring suspicion and distrust on th*M
i, who followed them. The opposing counsel tolii
yon that the duties of the defendant led him intc
I temptation. Was it just to use such observations
? before they were proved 1 lie (M,-. Sibley) was
e not hereto defend the Loly order of the priesthood.
II Let them stand or fall by their conduct. Hut he
| would appeal to the discerning public, when, in this
neighborhood, thia couuty, this region, has a similar
offence been charged on a member of the cleri.
cal profession 1 No snoh case has occurred in
t mau'a memory. The records of courts of justice
furnish, it is true, seme instances where clergymen
have been found guilty of offences of this
kind, but the counsel for the prosecution forgot to
> state that in a far larger number of instances, such
t charges are found to be false?conspiracies, attempts
to extort money. Mr. Sibley here alluded
1 to the case of the Kev. Dr. Phelps of New York,
who had been condemned to infamy and disgrace
? by the public mind, willing, to pay a sum of mouey
, to stop a prosecution against him, proved to have
betn in sstaatinns in which such circumstances
1 might have occurred, and by tha confession of the
' female herself, afterwards admitted io br- innocent.
' He is now pursuing there a career of public use.
fulness. Most true it is, that slander will travel
1000 miles, while truth is putting on its " seven
league boots." The plaintiff here charges that
' the defeudant, iu 1S40, seduced his daughter
1 and servant?this charge is founded on the
principle, that as we support our children until
they are oae and-twenty, so are we entitled
to their services, and that if a daughter is debauched,
an action lies aot only far the actual damage,
hut al-o for the loss of reputation to a family, and
for the injured feelings of a father?no charge is
or can be made, as the law is now exp'ained by the
courts, for tha l??s sustained by the daughter in
her feelings, character, and reputation. This is
an action far seduction?it means any thing but
force?it means that her lusts have been invoked,
>ihci uiirciititii eupuvaicu?mis isioecuarLV, lull
it is denied A charge like the present was easily
made and Vard t* be disproved. If the female could
not be a witness in a case like this, theie would be
a wrong with' uta rcm?dy, but the law directs that
if her story is improbable, and if i> be not corroborated,
but conirac ictcd in an essential point it shall
not br credited?the I iw lo?ks equally to the rights
and liberties of both defendant and plaintiff lie
would now introduce the principal and only wit.
ne-a to prove thia case, the d ugli er of the plaintiff.
It is net enough that she may hare been proved
to be with the defendant on the day stated, on the
oath of others - she mast be sustained by the testi
mouy of credible witnesses in some essential particulars
in support of tbs accusation of guilt ?
So far as her (Sophia's appearance on the stand
was concerned, it was crediule?I cross examined
that young and inexperienced girl fairly?and it
was my honest purpose to give hsr a fair examination,
but in no sense to weary her, perplex ber,
and throw her off her guard so as to make her ap.
pear before the court to a disadvantage. The instruction
of his client would have preveated such
conduct; snd it was contrary to his own sense ef
justice. Hut they ought not to allow female beauty
and loveliness to take away the more important ju
dicical information which her testimony conveyed.
I'he young lady, he said, was intelligent, had been
wrII brought up-her raother is respectable?and,
such WUS the delicacy oftheir CearM that the conn
sel for the defence would not, an had been d"ne by
the learned! gentleman who opened the cane, bring
forth the faults, nfrenr.es, crimen or imbecility of her
father?they were not driven to thai. That the
wan virtuously bronmt up an far an the instruction
of her mother would a^mit, he would freely ad
mit?nhe had been intelligently and worthily reared
?and hin client had hern a painn taking agent is.
enlightening the mind of this young female, and in
improving her intellect. The learned counsel dwelt
long upon what he considered the improbability of
Sophia's statement, an to what,took {place upon the
stoop at her mother's door?he considered that the
kisMii j her wan no cvidrucc of lust?that men kins
tie little daughters of their neighbors as innocently
as thry kiss their own?a good kind inaa will be
kmned by the children whether he is willing or not
?kissing, in cases such as had been described, was
innocence itself. Men of theaga of Mr. Van Zandt,
w ho are guilty of the offoncea charged against him,
arc cautious before the public, gmrded in their
conduct, never giving cause for the truth of suspicion;
and if a man tell him tlia' be cannot kiss a
couple of very playful girls for fear of a fall, he
(Mr Sibley) would say that man stands uu?a a
very in-ecure foundation. The Icarntd grntirman
next referred to Sepli a's statement of the occasion
when Mr. Van Z<ndt asked her and her sister to
go oyer to his hume?he b ing alone - alleged that
if Mr. V. Z had u vicious purpose of debauching
Sophia he would nut have also asked Mary to accompany
her, seeing she could be an evidence of
his guilt, which, if exposed, would to hnn, the
lather of a lovely family, the husband of a lovely
wife, the pastor of a christian church, he utter ruin.
\Vtio can believe such ?stor>1 and y. t you must
believe it all or none?then- is ao half way in this
case?yo'i can't take part of her ( ophia s) testimony
and rrject the rest?it must be the whole or
aoue. The witness inust tell the truth orthey have
no right to swear. We live in a virtuous enmrnu
nity; this girl has enjoyed the blessings of tbat
state of things; she is a girl of remarkable intelligence;
she is a mother, a woman, with the feelings
> of her sex, and who csa believe that such a scene
I occurred as she describes?and before her ?i-t-r
i too! Ii she sustained in this csael Does her sis
i ter pretend to rscollect such a scenel She does
ant?she could ant.
1 ACjouraed till half-past two.
Monday, 3, P. M.Whan
we catered the court, Mr. Kiulbv was
giving the jury tha view ha took of Sophia's statement
of the oecurraners in Mr. Van Zandi's study,
i on tbaaflerwoou af thu 16th Oct , IHJO Unpleasant
aai disgusting as the ciroumstaaees ia this case
LD.
Prlea Vwo Cam tag
nrr,iur) would h?v* to talk and lli.nk about them
He argued, that if the jury believed that Nr. V. Z.
H .id that young cleigymen ought lo be castrated,
they must hold buu guiltless; that lie had had hard
fare; that his secret thoughts had been exposed by
his frieads, that his private letters had been hunted
t up and used against him. Take the letterof Mr Brittain,
though intended to be used to his injury, he
' handed it in unhesitatingly ^whatever his errors may
be, guile is iinI one of them. The learned gentleman
argui.d. that instead of talking about his own prolii
nsities. Mr. V '/ mI<I #!..?
? ??">8 i'iotmi
sities (it people in talk about and slander clergyj.
mm he had avoided the company of femah in priI,
vate What has attracted ibis audience? What
j has filled the hody and avenues of this house??
f Would they hare to vrai' till the wave* ot the muls.
tunde had passed ouvratda to net in or out, if this
"n was a common case of seduction? Itisaclergy0
man that is to be tried! It is a novelty in this
c region. The counsel argued as to the proba!,
bilit^ that it was not defendant but his nephew
, Th.iddeus, now in China, whu was the father of
J Sophia's child, as he was almost always there ?
e Suppose a man is charged with theft, and he at once
_ declares, " 1 did not steal this thiug, hut the truth
1 is, I have a strong propensity lor stsahug," would
you think biiu sane ? So i( w< uld have heeu abaurd
e lor Mr. V. Z. to have said, "I have strong pro?
pensities for seduction, but I have not seduced this
g lady"?the counsel was sure he never could have
so said; it was a niiarecollection of witnesses.
' We omit the many proofs giveu by the learned
, counsel, of the innocence there may be in taking
j gin and sugar, as applied to the iilointiff's ease,
, though it had been brought from Hfockpart, treasured,
bottled up, and retailed from that stand?
meaning the witness' box. The counsel took much
J pains to show that the jury must not take into acI
count any thing that might have been stated by
, witnesses, as to mdecent liberties taken by the rev
> crenel gentleman with Sophia's sister and other
, (emails?"Gracious heaven! shall we bring him
> into court and try him for evury act of his whole
, life?" lie apologized for Mr. V. Z 's assertion
that the Misses Murdock were strumpets, made
secretly to his vestry; mentioned the many stories
, that were.afloat about them?commended his aoad.
t lies* of heart, his charity, in giving Sophia, her
mother anil sister, all dresses alike; asserted that
the defendant's benevolence and charity had extended
fsrund wide; insinuated that as (Sophia allowed
Tbaddeus V. Z. to nut his arms round her
neck and kiss her, it might be inferred that greater
liberties were allowed him; gave some weight to
Marden,the glover's statement, but admitted it had
been snccesitully impeached, and that he waa
shown to be a garrulous, intemperate man?if
his testimony could not be believed, let it be cast
out. The boy Ray's statement was next taken up;
his intelligence and accuracy praised, and himself
described as resembling a sheet of white paper for
purity. The Counsel was of opinion, that Jamen
Murdoch and Richard Ketchum's testimony did
not impeach Ray. Coumel was not sure that Mr.
Van Zandt could have called Thaddeus even if he
were here, such w*rc his feelings towurdc his uncle.
As to Miss Gilkeson's evidence, why he (Mr. Sibley,)
last week, in hisoun house, actually kissed
two of his neighbor's daugh'erc, and that not in the
presence of hie wife neither; Mr. V. Z. did no
more lie strongly ridiculed, condemned Mr. ilill
for the manner in which he gave bis evidence, and
said it was illegal?he(H ) ought not to have been
allowed to show old Mrs. V. Z's manner when she
beard the young lady's name. The Counsel next
amused the court by humorous observations on
the production of Miss Murdoch's child in evidence.
lie then argued that the Rev. Mr. Britaiu's
and young De Wnll's testimony proved an aJibi in
Mr Van Zandt's favor, showing that he could not
hava Ween in the company of Sophia on the 16ib of
Oct. 1840, she said he was, in his study; that De
, Wolf was sitting in the study before dinner that
day, and was the first to lrave the dinner table and
return tbitber. If the defendant is guilty of thla
outrage, he, Mr 8 , was not here to plead in mitiga,
tion of damages. No, in that case take ample
damages?take all he has and give to the family
he has wronged; abate nothing: he will not
mourn over it. The Jury could not-ay the plaintiff
was guilty; they could not find a verdict on evidence
which they had reason to believe to be untrue.
Mr. V. Z values not money: but he nesirta
to leave no stain on bis family to deacend to his
.k:IJ 1 1 L- J -: J ' .* ->
bimuicii, Iiau He ui'hireu in flememif WIIQ lUAfiej,
ample time and opportunity wi re given him to do
so, but, knowing his own innocence he cones before
the country and confident I-- * ...
quittal.
wMr. Sibley concluded a really
?hrewd and el< quant speech of ?.l .'tflf
to!) o'clock. He wai listened t> . jft>
attention by the highly respects
numerous auditory, lie posses
wit and huinor, with a prodig
were lie not a nmn of strong ft
eould not have made such an impression in such a
case. No man could hu<'e done better justice to a
client. He talked with ranch caie to the last, anil
has very powerful lungs.
Norfolk, Va.
fCorrrspoadence of the Hsrald.1
NoHrot.a, Va., Jan. 1,1*42.
Marria^tn?Strtnailm?Dtjmi lure of ihr Man-ofIVar?Danrinn
(Jul*, 4"CDear
Sin?
A grey bended sire of rixty-six, and a fair your g
girl offiltee'! or sixteen, to the great surprise of our
town, were united in the holy bonds of matrimony
on Wednesday evening last. Among the many other
annoyances, to disturb their first night's rest, is that
of large bands ofserenaders, not consisting, it istrue,
of all our town-people, but, Fuflice to say, that all
the eld cow and aleigh bells, tin pans, horns, kettles,
Ace-,empty their profuaed sounds direct upon their
slumbers To-night, however, being New Year's
eve, no doubt but it will end their tribulations. They
have already marie application to the Mayor, fir
preservation of order in the ranks of the bands, n
which case the liight Honorable refuses to act.
Never could there have shone on us a more be- utiful
sight thin that of the departure ot th? splendid
United States Man-of-War, which left our harbor
yesterday, at 11 o'clock. The gallantry of cuptain
and crew added much to our good feelings, -rnd
put many *f us in mind of the trial of McLeoo, wl.o,
if condemned, no doubt would have cau.-ed many
airs ot Yankee Doodle to have rc-eehi ed from h II
to dale.
Not a litt|<* attention in mamtern a lowarc? re
Concert and Olio (Jompinjr, under the Hiiperiaten
deuce of J. Morris, who have been favoring u* with
some H'ort during our holidays The timt night, uj
in customary won the good people of > ur place, sflerded
t he hi but a entail assembly, but the aff ir
turning tn'o the good graces of our high bu^e, ihmaivigera
arc reaping a good harvest, which, of late
is oot customary with Norfolk. Miss Clemeti'ine,
AngwU, t>l?? e and Henry, are all favorites Th<
Highland F irig, hy Mis* Augusta, lacapital; in fac',
she is a heau ilnl girl. Celeste, ih various characters,
ta not ra-iiy ' xcellrd ; ni.d as for the ingro,
celling up stairs, Arc , appear* to be w? II adapleo to
our climate and constitution* Taking the affair
altogether, wt are ready tosiy, like our gentlemanly
editor* of the Norfolk Beacon and Hnald, that it
is the b-st exhibition we have had in our borough
lor Hn ng?, atrl Morris de*erve* much encouragement
for Ins (elections for an evening's entertainment
The morning i* too delightful to sit here, and I
must hid you tin adieu, with every hope lor your success,
and a Strang wi?h that y> u may tally succ rd
in giving chastisement to the unworthy Courier and
Jin (purer. And sure victory will always be a r suit
When just, ?nd accompanied with the great truss tv
power invested in the Herald.
Militarv Iktei.lioickce.?Mai. General G?ine?
h.-ia been authorised (o remain in VVanhington, l.av
nig public dutie* and private in'ereds requiring
his attention for two months from the 23d lieceiuber,
ItMl Puring I he temporary abat nee of Gsn.
Gainea, the command of the Western Uivisim la
devolved on Urig G?n. Atkinaon, the officer next
in rank therein. Ilia head quartera are at Jefferson
Karracki.
Adjutant General'* Department?Hvt Capt.l'rcntin,
A A G aaiigned to duty at the head quar
ter? ol the western lmti.kmi, dh. v?ui um>,?.
A O. t< duty ?t the hnd quarter* of the 2d n ilitary
department; and Hvt Capt Fri < man, A A.
G to duty in the Adjutant General office.
Medical Di-partmeut. ? Assistant Huteun Levely,
now on duty at Fort Colunihu*, ordered to Fort
Preble to relieve Aamtant Surgeon Sargent, who
will then repair to Fort Constitution for duty ?
Ant. t^urg Porter assigned to duty at Fort Ad?wi?
Subsistence Department.?Capt A. K. Kuton,
Corn. Sub aksigned to dttjr at New York.
l?t Dragoons ?First Lieut. H 8. Turner appointed
Adjutant, vice Lieat. P. R Thompson,
who has resigned his stafT appointment.
21 Dragoons ? Five companies left Mount Vet*
hob Arsenal, Ala., Dee IS, lor Baton Rjagev KW YORK HRRAL
Xcw York, NuniUjr, January 0, lMlti,
N< w l urk I.ancet In Uotton.
Persons wishing to subscribe to the "New York
criu Boston, mil please leave then nanus and ud<
at the office of the Herald, No.8 Stat# street, where
gle copies will also be for sale. REDDING, Aoent
8 State street. Bo
Trial of the Reverend Mr. Van Zanrtt,
l'.y Pomeroy's Express from Rochester, we
Ci'ived yesterday the proceedings of the Cii
Court of last Monday, in the trial of the Rev.
Van Zandt. It consists principally of the apeec
Mr. Sibley, the counsel of the Revert ml defendai
and it would seem that tine verdict will &e in
favor. It was expected that the case would be gi
to the jury on Wednesday morning- We shall
ceive the nsult probably to-morrow morning.
This trial has created a prodigious interest in
city?and the sxle yestorday of the Weekly He
was nearly 20,0<Mf copies.
POSTSCRIPT.
Ily Pouictoy's Expreu from Roohoitci
We received last evening the following " Ex
from the " Rochester Evening Post" of Wed
day, with the verdict from the Jury for So
Murdock, of S?J,000?a large amount truly !
WtoxuDXY Morning, Jan. 5?6 o'clac
Trial or Rev. W. Van Zandt.?Judge Sh
son addressed the Jury yesterday afternoon, in
half of the plaintiff The Judge delivered a t
and sound charge, and the Jury retired about
o'clock. After an absence of some four hours,
returned a sealed verdict of !r>'3,(k)0 for the plan
(Sophia Murdock.)
Congress.
The Secate did not sit on Friday, and the III
of Representatives devoted the day to the recep
of petiiionsj'it was, however, mainly consume!
an irregular discussion on the subject of aboli
petitions, which have been so framed, as, in s
measure, to evade the 21st rula. Cur Congressi
report is interesting as a picture of a day wt,
e^sly spent by oar representatives.
F of Trinprrnnee In \Va?liliigto
Convention of Mr. Maraliall. the Diet
gulshcd Kealnrky M. C.
The cause of temperance is making rapid
gress in Washington, but no conquest has equa
that of the Hon Thomas F. Marshall, u represe
tive in Congress, from the State of Kentucky. 1
event, which will gladden so many hearts, t
place on Friday, when Mr. Marshall signed a ple<
drawn up for him in the House of Representatii
by the Hon. Mr Griggs of Massachusetts. In
evening he attended a meeting of the Tempera
Society, in the Lecture Room of the Meditul (
1 ge, and made a public acknowledgment of
8 ep he had taken, and, in a pathetic strain,
tided the moving and immediate cause. In his
culiarly eloquent style, this gifted man drew an
palling picture of the loathsomeness of drunkent;
and the debasement of the form which God m
in his own image; but its effects went beyi
physical, to the intellectual part of man, a conti
plation of which had alarmed him, and hence
public abandonment of the cause of so many wc
Never has the cause of temperance brought to
aid so brilliant an intellect, und his eloquence, n<
doubtless, to be partially diverted from political p
tisanship to the cause of man's moral elevation, v
find ample room and verge enough for its high
flights,'to charm and allure others from degradati
to the pathway of social happiness, and intellect
advancement.
Late from the Reecblic of Yucatax?Wc h:
received "El Siglo Diez y Nueve" the Boletin "t
niercial" and "El Yucateco Libre" published
Yucatan, to the 10th ult.
It does not appear that that promising little 1
public has again bent its neck to the yoke of Mt
can despotism. The Yucatan swill not yield to
request of the Mexicans, e.? cept upon condition t
Yucatan shall have her s vn legislature to make
mil n i r?t r\u ] liluc-n -?VP1I th?n till el.o f.
Mexico that the coitmtiu.Ion of "21 has been lully
esiablished, and that all the other States may en
the name rights.
We learn that the Governor of Yucatan lias isst
a decree declaring a general pardon to all crnn ir
confined in the prisons ol the State, for offen
other than murder, committed prior to the firsl
September last, and to all counterband dealers <
persona guilty of assault in contraband cases, p
vid-dthat such crimes should have been perpelra
be ore the loth December, H10. Fugitive critnin
ar- included in this amnesty, provided they g
themselves up within three months from the date
its promulgation.
The annex* d letter we received by the Luciut
Wiiat it contains is not so late as the above, but i
n- verthelesa intetesting.
fCorreipoDdence of th? New York Herald Office.|
MrRinA ur. Yucata* Nov. IS, 1*11
N<?w lor the news, such as it is. The dcclarat
ot independence has not yet taken place, t?ai
Ana lias appointed commissioners to make ten
with this ytate. The government is, therefo
waiting the arrival, before declaring it, trom motr
ol policy. They are at present virtually free. Th
have a government of their own.a tanl) of their o'
im osition, and an army of their own. In fa
it they do not take it into their heads to go hack
the confederal! not '2t>, they are likely tobeeoi
a prosperous nation.
Mr. Stephens and companions left hero for Vn
on the 13 h,?nothing is known here ot his tuti
course. Dr Cabot, the naturalist, who acco
?.intes him, has been astonishing the good peo
here with the surgical operation of strabisin
which appears to be as prevalent au infirmity he
as the (goitre in Switzerland, lie had nole.sth
six subjects ou his table in one day, old and youi
ni tie and iemale; among w hom was old tvene
Auaya, (late of Mexico, bat now doing penance
an exile for his good services in her battles, (
ot which operations were performed with gr
success; in fact, they made so many applica'h
that he was obliged to " shut up shop," and dr
them off.
Among other distinguished person ges in t
capital, is Commodore Kebeau, whiiome co
nianderol th> Mexican tlevt; but now, like niosi
the beet men ol Mexico, an exile from I
territory.
1 have just recovered from a severe attack of i
black vomit.
Th re are no Con.-als at eitner this place or Ca
pheche. D.L. N
20ih November, 1811
The Texas s. hooner oi w.ir San Antonio, fron
cruise, wa* at Sisal on the 20th ot November. 1'
lowing is a list ot her officer- :?Wni. Seeger, It
Lieut Conim'dg ; A A. Waite, 1st Lieut.; Cy
Cuniiniagc, 2d do - U C. Wilbrr, Master; II.
Clarke, Surgeon ; win. F. Maury, Purser ; M.
l). arbornd, Acting Master; Charles S. An ami
Pasted Midshipman ; Wm 11 All n, Mulshipm,
Edward Johns, do ; Fred- Sheppaid, 11 oatswa
Tiios. Gilmore, Carpenter ; Juo. Thompson, Cli
naslcal,
Th' Raiskrs, or celebrated Tyrolese vocal
have just arrived in town, and intend to give a s?
of Concerts here the next few weeks. Th se at
are just fr > n Bo-ton, where they have sung to t
houses, and received much applause.
Signer Da Bnni, the Italian artist, intenc
give a Concert, in a week or two.
Sigoor Watsosi, the great critic of the " 1
York World," is cutting up the musical talen
Mr Brabant, in a very savage way. We sup
Mr- B- is as much concerned at this, as the kit
the forest is, when a mouse makes a terrific at
a' one of the locks on his majestic mane.
Park Thf.atrk ?The weRther has cons]
against the n?w comedy; certainly] nothing rl??
prevent the hous from being crowded ; for il
larce is deficient in originality, the excellence o
ac ting should command attention. We would
ge?t to Capt. Tarrndiddle the propriety of m a
the first syllable in tin word donuu short. Th
according to the prosody of Pors -n, but Mr Pla
makes it long; in 'he classics, however, we con
the former gentleman the t?est authority. Win
you think, Captain 1
CiitriiAia laitTit.?Ilill, the best delinr.it
Ya ik ;e character, commences an engagement
on Monday night. The Manager himself app. j
the afttrpicce.
DTfct I'utvorany >iurglr?l cilnlqne Brok
Vp:?Tike Medical tie volution In nil I
Glory.
' le-terJay at the usual hour, about ihree liunli
Stu leu's and Medical men ai-senibled at the Mi
I.an- veeant Ir.a'itute. fo see whether the Farulty wo
It. t* e xclude rh public press; and along with theni ??u
1 SlB" t ao or dree score of the halt, tbe maimed, and i
blind who had come from the dim lanes and alb
of the city to seek the aid of benevolent skill- 1
the mo'.ly crowd was completely disappointed- 1
r,.- doors o! the clinu/ue were closed. I'r- Molt had
vuit Insed to attend because the Editor of the La?
Mr w?s expected to be there to^report the proceedin;
h of So the cripples and the crooked, the cross-eyd t
at? the tongue-tied, had to go their ways, to seek so
his "ther Berthesda, little dreaming that their grievi
iven bodily infirmities were far more easily got rid of if
re_ the corrupting moral diseases and blundering ag>
cif8 of evil, that had thus turned the poor sutler
this liWay without sympathy or succor. And the s
raid dents too, dispersed, mu'tering sundry vigorous
i'i< uui ioua uiu aeep, una wouucri
where all this was to enJ. And the physicians w
had come to see the sport, looked wise, and she
r their heads, as they stepped into their carriages, a
tra" ^roVt> hurriedly oft', as if they were fleeing irom
grasp of a dun, or the reproachful eyes of some p<
"e' devil ofa patient whom they had reluced to
ph'a last extremity ! "Has Dr. Mott resigned!" as!
one. "The school is exploded !" exclaimed anotf
j{ "I'll go home !" sighed a third. "Come to u
imp- said a grinning fellow from Crosby street, "we i
be- kc?p open doors!" "They can't put down
iMncel," remarked a portly looking gentleman
t|,ev black, "old Abernethy tried that game in Lend
iliff, but he was soon taught better sense." "Let us
down and subscribe to the Lancet" exclaimed 1
a dozen in one breath,
ouse y?? '',e Faculty seem bent on ruin. 'Tis pi
itien We are sorry that they have taken this step. 1
j hy cliniqut docs a great deal for thein. It was the gr
tjon inducement which brought many of the studei
ome wa9aI?o of immense value to the aftlicted poot
onal l',e c"y- But l'ie interests of the school?the i
,rth- provement of the students, and a more intellig<
and gentlemanly body of young men was never c
lecled.we understand, withia the walls of anyC
'^ lege?the relief of the aftlicted sons and daught*
ol poverty and wretchedness?the good opinion
an enlightened and discerning public?all must
' j sacrificed to individual caprice !
It is greatly to be deplored that this institutu
n - which was generally regarded a9 founded on t
rnost lih- ral and equitable principles, should turn c
1 fn llH ?v i II i Ivor j I ? n /1 nmuct Tlio I 'rnaKtr alrt
ige, ' , """' "i """ ^'"""7 _
school would seem to be awakening their energy
aud preparing to enter on a different course frc
that unfortunately now pursued by their new ri\
, ?they have opened a surgical Winique.and instead
"jj e throwing obstacles in the way of the editor ,of t
Luncd, they offer him everj f icility,as the couduct
of a popular and independent medical journal.
'e 15y the bye, we may add that there are some cu
ous pieces of history connected with the explod
cliniquu, which we intend giving to the public, as pt
and parcel of the chronicles of this latter day
,m '"?ht and liberty, revolutions and explosions.
his ~ ~~
Latest from Albany.
>es.
[Correspondence of the Herald.]
ltS Albauy, Jan. C, 1842.
)W' To day and yesterday, we have had weather th
J.II would be no discredit to the polar regions. Li
night was tht coldest of the season, and at this pr
* sent writing it has moderated a little, and there
. every prospect ol a snow storm. Winter has set
ual j .
in good earnest.
The surtace of our great political ocean here coi
ave tinues unruffled, but the undercurrent that is begii
Co- ning to set in, affords evidence of the storms that a:
in brewing. The recent appointments have not giv<
very general satisfaction, aud the threatenisgs ther
ve- at of the disappointed and their friends, are loud ai
xi- deep. There is, beyond question, a very large po
the tion of the democratic party, who are determine
hat not to submit to any dictation from the old regenr
her clique, ? To what extremes their opposition w
ont carry them, the result of the election for State of
re- cers will doubtless determine. Meanwhile, tl
joy whigs, eagarto take advantage ef any dissension
the ranks of their opponents, are using every e
led deavor arid means in their power to " fan the et
lals bers of discord."
ces The majority in both branches certainly numb
t of apreatniany talented men in their ranks, while tl
ind whigs, in the lower house especially, are woful
>ro- behind in that particular. The Xew York membe
ttlj have done their share so far. Mr- McMurray is
, ti.a k,ci i .i? J~I ?
dJ8 ojnunvi, Wv m^oi, a uniift, ill I11C UCtC^,
ive t'0"- Mr- Davtzac made his debut today, ac
of created quite a sensation, at his broken English ar
enthusiastic manner. Messrs. Swackhamer ar
la. Crout have taken quite a prominent par. in the pr<
t is ceedings thus far. There is one member of the oil
delegation who never rises without throwing th
house and audience in a roar of laughter, by his li
dicrous manner, and jumbled up, confused remark
Vet he is always eagar to say something, and
ita ever watching his opportunity to speak. 1 refer l
ns Mr Solomon J. Townsend. A description of h
re, peculiar style is out of the question, but 1 will ei
ires deavor nevertheless to give you some idea ol i
ley The gentleman (his arm in a sling,) spring* to th
ivn floor, jerks forward his head, ariu shouts in a shar
ct, quick tone," Mr |Speaker, I wish to remark?I b<
to heve?in relation?that is, it is entirely unnecessar
lie ?I would sav to appoint?that is to select? thi
committee." Thns he proceeds, raising and sinkiu
rial his voice at every two words, delivering a confuse
ire mass of slutT, that it would puzzle even a l'hilade
m- phia lawyer to unravel. It would seem that he cai
pie not, for the life of him, express the most simple ids
us, in less than a volume of words The worst of all 1
re, he is continually boring the house, but for that h
ran would remain unnoticed.
ng, There wa? but little of general importance don
ral iu either house to-day. The time of the .Senate w.
a1- chiefly taken up in the balloting for standing con
ill inillees, who w ere all appointed. Judge Scott gav
eat notice of his intention to introduce a bill to repet
>bs the New York Registry I.aw. Also, of his intentir
ive to introduce one to repeal the law reorganizing th
New York Criminal Courts,
his In the Assembly, a petition was presented Iroi
in ihe Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of the Cii
' ut of New Yivrh, praying a repeal ot the law reorgan
b< r zing the New York Criminal Court, and preventir
aldermen front assisting in the dispensation ot ju
the tice. It was read, and referred to the proper cot
mittee,when appointed Mr Weir presented a p
m lition from journeymen chairmakers, etc., of tl
city of New York, praying for the abolishment
labor in the State Prisons.
\ a Mr. Loomi*, from the Committee to whom h
"til- been referred the rules and regulations for the g
Isq. vernment of the Hou-e, reported tit part. 1
rus committee report substantially the old rules, \vi
M. slight additions and amendment. In enumerate
II. ill** standing committees, the one on Medical G
>u:, ieg?s and Medical Practice iind been omitted as u
in ; n< ce?sary, the committee conceiving that the si
in ; ject was embraced in the duties of the Commit!
era. i n Colleges, Common Schools, etc Some debt
then ensued on the rule giving the Speaker pow
to adjourn the House from time to time, in ease
is!*, there not being a quorum present. The ruU w
' eventually modified so as to give that power to t
. House alone Some modifications and umei
tists ments were also recommended, in regard to t
treat moving of the previous question.
Mr Hon m is moved, that the Committee on >
. dical C lieges and Practice, be restored to the I
's 10 ot standing committees, ns he considered the si
j cts ot great general importance.
Sew Mr McMvrrav, in reply slated,that the comni
its of ? 10 whom ,he had been referred, had be
govt rned solely by the consideration that it v
P08*" wholly unnecessary to multiply the standing co
ig of iniltees, as there were enough of them alreat
la k there bi ing now tweaty-Rinc
Mr Dave/.ac considered this subject (Medic
Schools,) of grrat importance. It had been
aired f,,rlui,p m early life to commence the study of me
cine, and he considered the profession of a pkysici
|crtn hs one of the noblest afid most important in
the w r!J. He, therefore, hoped this Committee wo
fthe !' retained, and that it there were any med
nt'",nfn ' 'h* House, as being from their r
cition better qualified, tlie 8peaker would appt
item ou audi committee
is is 'r Towsse.nd was also iu favor of tetiiu
icide committee H? believed that there '
ider annually, or occasionally, appropriations of m >
it do i ule by the Siate, lor the benefit of Medical (
s He wae therefore in lavor < f retain
r of ninittec, if for no other purpose thin tokok a
h r- ihi- money.
ir? in Mr Grout, for his part, was opposed to
p;.ncip!e o! grafting money to these instituti,
*n <>n the ground that the certainty of support
Its weakened their exertions, whereas, if they de
pended upon their own means alone for existence,
ed rvfry effort would be made to draw the atudent to
them, and by this competition a higher degree ol
jy- excellence would be attained,
old Mr. M'Mumhav was still of opinion that the Comue
mittee was unuece?sary As for the recommends
S)e tion and wish of his colleague, ( Mr. Davezac.) that
the proposed Committee should consist of physicisnpyi
alone, although, he thought as highly of the proles
Jut sion as any one, he apprehended that would meet
'he w''h but httle favor. Why, (said Mr M'M ) only
last year,when a bill was ptissed vitally atiecting the
rP" interests of the legal profession, one which struck at
ice/ the ancient rules and usages handed down Ironi age
us ! to age, not a lawyer was allowed to be on the comind
lb-sides', there were a great many petitions
' received last winter, and no doubt there would be
till*, in favor oi the Tnompsoman system, and then
:>ub there was ihe Homopxthic, which would have to
tan referred to that committee, both of which were
looked upon as innovation by the regular, legalized
school, and whether improvements or otherwise,
era would doubtless be treated accordingly. He thought
itu- that a special committee would do better justice to
the subject. This brought out Dr. TavLon.of Onondaigua,
who said that for himself he was not tena"'8
cious on the subject, but he would like to see the
'ho committee retained. He denied the justness of the
iok allegation that the regular faculty, generally, were
n(j opposed to innovation, if such innovatiou was an
actual improvement. He was well aware, that the
'he science ol medicine, in accordance with the spirit of
scr the age, was progressive. As for.the comparison in
the stituted by the gentlemen,relative to the appointment
j ol physicians, it had no bearing on the subject at
all. The bill of last winter, alluded to, related
ter. solely to fees, and of course it was obviously iuis!"
proper to have any one on the committee who was
itill interested in it, while it was morally impossible to
, legislate in regard to the physician's fees.
, Mr. Davezac said he would deeply regret if by
in his silence it should be implied that he though* the
en, science af medicine was not progressive. He
thought it was most triumphantly ana gloriously so.
?' Operations were so often performed in New York;as
'ah to become quite vulgar; of such a nature as to astonish
the world Look at Dr. Mott, who he was
lty- proud to say, was the first surgeon, not only of this
country, but of the world, lie repelled the imputalion
that the faculty were opposed to innovation
eat Even the best army had itsstragglers, but the bravest
its. end best were always found marching at the head
. of the column. So with the great and the learned
in the science of medicine. They kept pace with
the rapid march of improvement,
rnt Alter some further debate the amendment was
0i_ agreed to, and the rules as amended adopted
J" A message was received from the Governor, sub?'"
milting the report of the Commissary General, and
ers alluding lo the dilapidated condition of the Arsenal
0f in New York city.
, Mr. Sackhamek gave notice of his intention to
introduce a concurrent resolution, recommending
the election of a President and Vice President, lo
in, take place on the stnie duy, throughout the I nion.
I,e A reeoluiioii was offered to the effect that both houses
should on Wednesday the 12th inst. go into joint
,ul ballot, and elect a Secretary of State. It '.ays on
et the table for one day. The Assembly adjourned
fg Cave Llciscak.
"n Literary Notices.
From Mr. Israel Post, 88 Bowery, we have just
received Thiers' French Revolution, Noa. 31 and 32.
e Also: The Young People's Book, or Magazine of
or Useful Knowledge,No. 5, Jan. 1842, with a beautiful
mezzotint, and other engravings.
n" Also, The Peotle'3 Library of Choice and Bnl(*
tertaining Literature?continuation of Harry LorriirJ.
quer.
George Le Curry A: Co., 167 Broadway, have
sent us the following:?
EncrcLor.cdia Americana, No. 1, being a popular
dictionary, to be completed in eighty weekly
number.-1, for2ocents each number ??20 complete.
Also,The Complete Works or Charles Dickers,
at (Boz) No. 1, twenty-live cents each number?cornet
plele in tweRty weekly numbers, at five dollars.?
Also, Sea Tales, No. 1, by the author of tbe Spy
." ?(J. F. Coopei)?embracing ike Pilot, Red Rover,
18 Water Witch, Homeward Bound, and a new story
in of the two Admirals?terms same as the last mentioned.
The above are ail popular works, which cannot
fail of success.
l" The following worksJiave duly come to i:a?d:?
re The United States Democratic Review, far Jun n
uary, 1842, from the Langley's, &7 Chatham street.
It contains a capital article on State credit, which
should be read by .every legal voter in the United
'd States. It commences thus?" The Mississippi
1- Bonds must be paid." A special edict, add we.
.j The New Yoke Review, from A- V. Blake, 54
Gold street. January 1*12. It contains several va
luahle articles,
ill The Catholic Expositor, and Literary Magazine,
ft. for Jan 1812.
ie Mo. 1, the Works or Sir Walter Scott, miscellaneous
prose, and poetical. Revised editiou,
including an entirely new teature, the MinsireLy
n* of tne Scottish Border, which has never appeared
n- in any other edition. To be completed in25 weekly
numbers, lor I Post, 88 Bowery,
er Charles O'Mallev, Vol. 2, with s multitude of
comic illustrations, has just been Bent to us by the
agent iu the city ! Messrs. Carey A* Hart. It is a
'y very beautiful 'edition, and cannot fail to meet with
rs an extensive sale. Of ?its general character, we
a need say nothing, as its fame is established.
a. Vol. 2,|Nos. 21 and 22 of Charles O'Mallev,
. with illustrations by Phiz.?Carry A" Hart.
The Cultivator, Albany, N. Y., Dec. 1841.
id This is an invaluable periodical, and no farmer iu
id tbe country should be without it. The engraviugs
3_ alone are worth the price of the work It ticats
ably and scientifically of every thiug pertaining to
>' rural economy.
ie
City Intelligence.
g. False. Pretences;?A yoimg man, named Ed- j
is ward Bennett, following up the preseiu era of false |
^ pretenses, called upon one of the students of the
Theological Seminar)', on the 5:h inst , nnd told
t- him that Mr. George Bennett had sent him for a
|e pair of brogans that he had made for him, in order to
,1 have them stretched. The brogans being tight, he
y gave them to the applicant, but in the end found that
s he had not been sent far them by Mr. Bennett. The
Jl rogue appropriated the proceeds of the shoes to hi3
I own use ; and when arrested, confessed the crime,
i- and was committed.
a Yoo.no Burolab Arrested.?A young man,named
s' James Connor, entered the house of A H. Young,
lt> 231 Bowery, on Fiiday night, by forcing open a
back window, und took possession of lour merino
coats, not made, five yards of black silk, a quantity
ls of sewing silks and satin bottoms, valued nt S37.?
y The inmates of the liouse, hearing a noise below
9tairs, rushed towards the apartment and caught
Connor in the act of'leaping from the window, with
1,1 the goods under his arm. lie was arrested by officer
ie Barker, and on being arratnged at the upper police
office, confessed the crime, and was committed.
['.! A You no Thief.?A girl, named Ellen Lewis,
.. about 14 years old, was arrested yesterday, by oflicer
Sweet, for stealing a breast pin, valued at .84,
* from George D. Duvies, corner ef South and Oliver
n streets. She sold the pin to Messrs Howe A Son,
and was committed.
ir Stole it ai?d Kamaway.?John Williams stole a
of cloak, on Saturday night last, from John Higgins,
556 Broome St., ranaway, and being caught, was
ad locked up.
?* Stf.alimo Pew Cushiom ?A man, named John
"c Wiikinsou, was arrested yesterday morning, by of b
ficer Durando, with a cushion, covered with scarlet
"{? colored nioret-n, supposed to belong to a church or
?l' an omnibus. The owner can obtain the cushion by
ln" application at the police ollice.
'b* The Citv Pkisom ? During the past week there
have been received S6 white males. 40 white fe,,e
males, 30 black males, and I t black lemales?total
160. There has been discharged during the same
" lime : ! >VHiie ni<uri>, .to w ruic irimit ?, .?? mica
19 mules, 17 black females?total lflfi. Elop-d 1. ReI1**
nraining in pnson 51 white males, 21 white females,
"I- ]ti black males, 11 black females?total 99.
be Grasp Lincawr?A mat: named Van Rensselaer
Martling, tvho stole $W> m money from Mr.
I' * Clark Mason, No. 72 Canal-street, on ihe 23d nit.,
Ii*t was arrested yesterday by officer Relyea He ad'b
milled having iaken the money when asked by Mr
Mason, and was committed to prison
nt- Rioter Arrerikp ?A rowdy, named John mid*
rn ing. wi h some others ol his cla-**,entered the hous,
>'as of EUabeth Divinell, No 19 Crosby-street, on the
tit* 1st inst and demanded clothes, victuals, money,
ly, Arc , which being refused, they injured the furniture
and dwelling, and committed other assaults thai led
"tl to .he arrest and commitment of Holding yesterday,
his in default of granting hail ui the sum of $900.
di* Robbery ij? Piiilaoklphia?A robbery was coro11[r
milled in Philadelphia on the night of th?- 4th i f Ja'he
nunry, and with the money stolen was #1400 in five
u'd dollar American gold pieces?the remainder, #100,
'l i' waa in bank notes
(lu A I.\roc Hat't ?Officers Gill Havs, Welch,
"it M ckelejr, and W. II. Stevens, made a de-cent on
Friday night on a celebrated " frnct" in Mulberry
ink' str> t, kept by a number of black lemnle shop litters.
*taa .n.d took pos-, s^ion of a large quantity ot femab
nev wearing apparel, as well as a fine blue cloth over
"I ct at, and ?ne or two dress coats and vests Arnnnr
' ''is t ve articles were silk pantaloons, ladies silk cloaks
Iter in 1 (Jr> se.s, srtin, m men, velvet and lacc urlrrlei
t wea ing apparel Four ot the party have beer
til' ,-r- sted nnd the remainder are ready to be taker
>.s, at snort noiice.
Fredert k, aid.
rCurrr?poD<Wt>cc of the Herald.J
K?tuKK'i, (Md.) Dec. 31, 1641.
Timet) and Siuoih in Maryland? Itt/mditUioi ?
Rank*? Shinplastrt s, <5 ^.
James Gonoox Berwett, Esq.:
Dear Sir?
As regard* matters and things in this our " Lack
woods city," it is impossible to give a general review;
consequently I shall take the moat prominent,
in expectation of your notice, should no matter of
greater importance (which with you is not unusual)
arrest your attention. The weather is quite disagreeable
; winter in every shape and form imaginable
has visited us. This day is very beautiful, however?the
heave.,8 as serene and cloudless aa in
midsummer, and nothing remains to testify to old
winter's appearance amongst us, except the c< ngealed
masses of mudded snow which cover the
streets.
A great anxiety prevails respecting the operation
of our Legislature in its present session, and that ot
the Governor elect (who is tobe inaugurated on
Monday next) on the currency question. The present
Governor, in his Message to the General Assembly
a few days ago, has strongly recommended
the compulsion of the banks to redeem their issues
in specie. That is exactly right. If suspension is
good, they have enjoyed it long enough. Then all
the rotten concerns will have to show their deformity.
Breakers, tremendous shoals of breakers, are
ahead ; and, to the dismay of " Biddies" and small
thieves, will shortly show themselves. So, friend
Bennett, look out lor shipwrecks, or more properly
bank-wrecks?smashing, crashing, explosions, bustitications,
suicides, and a thousand et ceteras, by the
wholesale. There is nothing surer than that one
half the banks will go by the board. We expect a
blow up in our institutions
The winter of finance?for that too has its seasons?has
set in here rather for the woise Our
Mayor and his clique of abettors find,when too late,
that his skill in lhat science has proved a curse to
the business community . For, having collected the
issues of our citizens in the private banking business,
he opened a field for the foreign "shins" which
come to town, with the power of locomotion; they
are as drugs?the one halt of them are worse than
Jacksonville Bank notes. Little Liiddle would find
no difficulty in circulating his stuff here The railroad
notes of Baltimore are about 10 a 124 P*t c?Bl
discount. McLane's financiering will be tested
shortly. The direct tax will be under consideration
to-morrow at Hagerstown- A meeting of the
Washington county farmers for that purpose has
been called.
In conclusion, I recommend to your care the witnesses
in the Wiley case, from the Frederick County
Bank, viz: the Cashier and two directots. Direct
your frown on any down caster who may ut
tempt to practice on their good nature. Don't look
for repudiation from Maryland?that's out of the
question.
Plus.
is ?une nunarea snares or stock mine farmers'
and Mechanics' Hank of Frederick County,
the par value of which is ?15, were sold to-day at
?17 12J a share.
Packets for KcRorc.?Thegllosc fcr Liverpool,
will sail this morning, at nine o'clock. And
the Montreal, for London, to morrow at twelve
o'oclck.
Naval.?The U. S ship Yorktown was at Otaheite
Sept. 30 for Oaho.
The frigate Columbia, one of the home squadron,
dropped down from the Navy Yard at Boston last
Thursday, and is ready for 6ea.
Niwi from Vinezuila.?The news from Venezuela
was to the 14th Sept. The most profound
tranquility prevailed throughout the Republic
The question of defining the boundary liuts between
the territory of Guiana and Venezuela, had
alone occasioned some little excitement,but nothing
serious.
lu the Republic of New Grenada, Col. Barriga
obtained a complete victory over Obando, one of
the Southern factionists, who was at the head of
1800 men. A large number of prisoners were
taken?among them, General Borrero and Colonel
| Caicedo.
Circuit Court.
(Before Judge Kent.
Jan. 8.?Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of Michi- i
, gun vs John Griffith, Hiram Brown and D C. Hoyt.
?The defendants were co-partners in business, but
dissolved in 1837, owing to the Farmers' and Me
chauics' Bank a large amount of money. Mr. Griffith
resided at New York, but the other partners
west. Mr. Brown was a director of thebank, and
negotiated the transactions. Instead of paying the
notes, as contended that he should have done, he
renewed them in the name of the firm after its dissolution,
and the question anse? in the present sui'.,
whether or not he was authorized to to do. The
jury gave a verdict in favor of plaintill', for ?7,214
ciumatres. and six cents costs.
For plaintiff, Messrs. J. \V. Girard and Horatio
Hoeart Far defendant, Messrs. D. Lord, Jr., and
J. Van Santvoord.
Richard J. Hartthorn* vs. Jamct P Allaire Oa
the 27th May, 183!), Mr. Allaire bought of Mr. Jos.
11. Pettia a large quantity of pig iron, and gave
hii noteatsix months far $1,50'*, with a stipulation
that said note should be renewed for three months
longer, if desired. The note was discounted at the
Loug Islaud Bank. At or near the termination of
the :dx months, Mr. Allaire gave anethcr note to
Mr. Pettis, for a similar amonnt, with which he
was to take up the old one, but instead of doing so,
he borrowed $750 cash on k from plaintiff, also a
draft for $-l<X) When the note at the Long Island
Hank became due, Mr. Allaire was compelled to
take it uy, and naturally refused to pay the misappropriated
one he had giTcn to Mr. Pettis, mid
action is brought.
Mr Pettis, in giving his testimony, stated that
his agreement with Mr. Hartshorae was to borrow
the .$750 for four days, and pay one percent, or
for that tuue, which would render the transaction
usurious, and defeat the plaintiff. This, however,
was denied by another witness, and the questiou for
the Jury to decide, as stated by the Court,was as to
which testimony was most entitled to belief?if
that of Mr. Pettis, then they would find for defend- I
ant?otherwise for plaintiff, in the $1150 advanced.
f There was quite a scene in court. Judge Sand- '
ford, in summing up, bore rather hard upon Mr
Allaire us to his motives in stipula'ing for a rener. - .
al. Mr. |A. was present, snd ro-e from his seat, dc- ,
claruig that he could not sitquietly by and hear such
aspersions in regard to himself. The Court inter- i
fered, and peace was finally restored ] The Jury i
could not agree, and were discharged.
For plaintiff, Mr Kdward S.vuliorJ, and Messrs.
Valentine and Ue Mott For defendant, Francis H. 1
Cutting, Esq. ,
An adjourned Circnit will be held at the City
Hall, on thu25:h instant, for which new trials can i
be put upon the calendar.
Court of Common Pless, I
Before Judge Ulehooffer.
Ja?. 8?11m. J Dunn va J. IF. Todd?Mr. Todd J
agreed with Mr Dunn to sell him certain property
which he owned at Chester, near Morristown, N.
J , consisting of a brick hotel, barn, blacksmith
shop, and other outbuildings, with about eleven ,
acres af land " more or less," and to receive in
pay dry goods to the amount of $4,(><X). The goods i
were delivered by plaintiff, and a deed, and certificate
fromthe clerk's office, pretending to include
all the property,handed to Nr. Dunn by defendant,
but it was subsequently ascertained thattbe blacksmith
shop, and about two acres of land, had not
been so included, but were kept btck. lie refused
giving a new deed and rendering the sale according
to agreement. The present action was therefore
brought. The evidence was full and conrlusive. in
establishing the claim of plaintiff, and the Court
recommended that the subject should go to the Ju
ry on the ground ol fraud an well as 01 tact. Alter
a trial which la-ted nearly two days, the jury returned
with a verdict in favor ol plain:ifT lor
#1,790, (declaring that fraud had been exercised
by defendant in withholding the p-operty in question,)
subject to the opinion ol th-* Court on a
point of law.
For plaintiff, Messrs John W Edmonds and Jno
A. Morrill ; Messrs. J S. llonworth and 11. P.
Wanmaker lor defendants.
Paul 11. Gen-iik vs. Her.ry J. H'illi* ?In the year
1831 the plaintiff shipped ut Montevideo, on board
the brig Saltan, of which defendant was master, a
Tiger, called Andrew Jackson, which he was to
deliver to his order at Baltimore. After the animal
had been kept for over five months he was sold at
auctien and brought but #100, which was absorbed
by freight and expenses It was contended on the
part of plaintiff, that a demand had been made for
the Tiger by 'a person in Baltimore, on behalf of
the owner, with offer to pay freight and expenses
that had been incurred. 1 his, however, was denied
The Jury gave a verdict in favor of plaintiff
for #155,50 over freight and expenses
For plaintiff, Mr. E C. C?ray; far defandant,
Messrs. Burr and Benedict.
Clurtfoh rue ConnecTiox or Eaanne.?Tues
day, Jan 4, 1*12 ?The Coort was organize 1, and
> such new members as were prevent were sworn in
, by the President. Proclama'ionjwns then made,
. that the court was ready to entertain any busnu ss
i ihat might be before it; but none offering, the court
was a.'jv;r:.eJ to the third Tuesday ef January
instant.
POST SCRIP T.
TWENTY-IBVBNTH COHOIUMI,
ge?wd ReulMi
Senate.
Friday, J?n. 7.
The Senate wai not in session to-day, having adjourned
from Thursday to Monday.
Hoiuc ot Repreaentatlres
Kkiday, Jan. 7.
CoMSVLAR AMD COMMERCIAL AuKMCIES.
Mr. Fkamando Wood submitted the following resolution,
which waf agreed to :?
Heaolrcd, That the Committee on Commerce be requested
to take into consideration the t ropnt ty of introducing a bill,
which ?h*il r; quire all appoiutmeutA of eonaular and commercial
ageule of the government, to be made from tiliuiu of the
United States : alao. to inquire lata the expediency ol compensating
auch ofliceia by hied aalariea, and not by fee# ; aud
whether, alter dividing them into f? ur classes, with salaries
according to the importance, dutiea, aud living eipenaea of
their stations. the aiuount of the feta uow received will n?t be
sufficient to pay the w hole capenae arising flow auch regulation.
I'etitohs?The Bameritt Law ?E* Prf.aident Aniai
?tin Ririnnic or Hayti?AnoLiTieis Movement?l)rrica
to Invade the Twentv-Kihs: 1m t IHlll Com
FUSION AND NO BUSINKIS.
Mr. Pon presented a petition, as ?u understood,
againit the bankrupt Law.
Mr. Lma obtained permission to offer a resolution
which was understood to be an instruction to the Committee
on Peusioui to inquire into the expediency of
making certain change* in the Pension Law.
Several petition* of no public importance, were received
without objection.
Mr. Pavre offered a teriea of resolution* from the Legislature
of the State of Alabama, upon the subject of a
National Foundry.
Mr. J. q aoami rose with much warmth and, object!
d to their reception.
Mr. Peers remarked that he could see ao reason why
the reception should be objected to.
Mr. J. Q Adam* (evidently bearing in remembrance
some obstruction which he had met from Mr. Payne in
the presentation of abolition petitions) with some warmth.
If the gentleman will move a suspension of the rules of
the House for the reception of all petitions, I will consent
to it.
Mr. Patxe said he had no objection, and accordingly
he made that motion, and it was carried by a majority of
110 todMr.
Kkrreut hoped petitions would be called for in
order.
The Speaker began accordingly with Iowa, whence
petitions were presented by Mr. Doduk ; and afterwards
from Wnconsin by Mr. Duuue, Senr.. and from Arkansas
by Mr. Cross : aud from Alabama by Mr. Payee, Mr.
Chapalar, Mr. Houston aud others.
Mr-Miller, of Missouri, presented a petition on the
subject ol the Naturalization Laws. A great variety of
petitions were presented as the States were respectively
called, and several bills were introduced,amongst which
was .one to establish a Port of Entry at Chicago, which
wo* read twice and referred.
Mr Stokelct, of Ohio, presented a petition for the recognition
of Hayti ; and one for the repeal of all law*
wmch compelled the people of the free States to support
slavery.
Mr. Oeddinqs presented a petition from Ohio in favor
nf the wheal Frawins interest, which he moved to refer
to a sslect committee oltive.
The motion wu agreed to.
Mr. Ueddinus next presented a petition in the termi
of pctitiom art?a tad previously, lor a law to prevent
the traiiS]>?rtation of slaves coastwise, in vessels of the
Uuited States.
Mr. W. C. Johnson said the question involved the broad
question of slavery, and he was understood to say, that
he could not consent to its reception without debate.
Mr. Wkli.eb inquired if it must not lie ever, if it was
to be debated.
Mr. W. C. J?hnson called the attention of the Speaker
to the terms of the petition, but in the midst of ? much
confusion, that he could not be heaid.
Mr. Wise and Mr. Adams, rose and addressed the
Speaker simultaneously, t
Mr. Adams screetchcd out?Mr. Speaker, is the question
debateable 7
The Speaker said, as it was a debateable question, it
would lie over.
Mr. Wise, whose voicowas heard above some half dozen
others, who were addressing the Chair, enquired
whether tho petition could lie over, unless it were received.
The Speaker's reply was not heard ; but it may be inferred
from the answer of
Mr. Wise, whe aaid, he rose then to a question sllecting
the reception otthe petition, to which he called the
attention of the House. It not only prayed lor the repeal
of all laws regulating or sanctioning the transporting of
Slaves in vessels of the United States?which involved
the commercial as well as the naval marine?but of ail
laws regulating or sanctioning the " holding" of Slaves;
that is, that the property in Slaves shsll b? cancelled.-And
not only this, but it prayed that laws may be passed
protecting the rights of all persons claimed or held as
slave*, who may be constitutionally entitled to their
freedom, by going, with the consent of their masters; beyond
the jurisdiction oftke State ia which they are legally
deemed to be slaves. Here was a new aspect of
Abolition. A slave passing three leagues to sea, no matter
in what vessel,wu out ol any " State, Territory or
District," and therefore a petition prayiDg lor the aoolitioa
ofsuch slave, did not come w ithin the rule ! Was
then a slave, psssiug three leagues from Virginia, ij>n
facto, free ? If this was not abolition, in its worst form,
he knew n?t what was.lie asked whether the deckscl all
our vtsselst whether in the commercial or naval marine,
were cot parTof the Territory of the United States,
though such vessel might be in the Mediterranean ?
Mr Oeddinoi claimed the privilege, with the consent
o! the 8|>eak?r of the House, to reply 10 the remarks o(
the gentleman from Virginia. The petition which he
had presented, notwithstanding the construction which
had been given to it, would speak for itself; it prayed
for the repeal of all laws regulating or sanctioning the
holding or transporting of persons as slaves in vessels
of the United States, sailing coastwise from one State to
onother. It could not by any forced construction be
said to pray for the abolition of slavery in the slave
States.
Mr. Wise.?look at the latter clause.
Mi. tici>di>o3 ,reply was not distinctly heard, hut he
was understood to ssy, in conclusion, that never since
the establishment of this government had the transportation
of slaves from Alrtca been sanctioned, and who
ever did it, did so at his own peiil.
uMr. Lewis Wihumi enquired whether this discussion
was in order.
Mr. Guddisios continued, but his observation was not
heard in tne confusion.
Mr. Wise again called upon the gentleman fiom Ohio
to read the latter clause of the petition.
Mr. (iEDDinoi replied that the gentleman from
Virginia could get the /loor when no other man upon
it would think of asking lor it y now he (Mr. Geiddings)
asked that geuth man to permit him to make
his n marks, and when he had done the gentleman from
Virginia could take the floor, and reply if he thought
proper.s He (Mr. Oeddiuga) asked permission to speak to
the question of order, and to that he|would confine his
rem irks. This petition, then, he asserted, asked for no
interference,but that the petitioners might be permitted
to withdraw from all interference with slavery ?it asked
nut that slavery should be abolished, but that tbvy
might withdraw their protection froirr all laws which
sanctioned the transportation of slaves coastwise. That
was the very question which was at issue, and he wished
it to be understood that the Nerlk did not wish to
Intel lere with slavery.
Mr. Aeholp lose to a point of order, for he saw that
this dobate might gu on for a month. Ue inquired,
whether a debate could arise upon a point of order before
tbere was a decision by the Speaker,and an appeal
taken.
Mr. W' Cost Johnsov said, according to the interpretation
of the gentleman fr?m Ohio, (Mr. Oeddings,) the
intention was to withdraw protection.
Mr. Aaeoi.u interposed, and insisted upon having the
hcisionof the Chair on the point he had raised. He
laid he held petitions which he hnd been waitirg a
week to present, and so long as this thing went on, he
and his constituents were prevented froai being heard
an a legal subject.
Mr. VVnr ? I call the gentleman to order then, that the
Speaker may decide.
The Svkakir said,did any gentleman desired the chair
to decid' i
Mr. Wise?1 desire the ohair to decide.
The SevAKVR then decided that the petition came within
the prohibition, and could not be received.
Mr. Hi bbiiios?What, not so muchlas prajr for protection
for those who are constitutionally entitled to their
freedom ? 1 move thnt that petition be referiedto the
Committee on commerce.
Mr. J CAMPHr.Lt.?I metre to lay it on the table.
Mr. Oanuiect?And I call for the ayra and noes on that
motion.
Mr. Wisr hoped hi* friend from South Carolina, (Mr.
Campbell,) would change his motion to one on the que*tion
of reception.
Mr. CiMi'ii ll assented, and the ayes and not* were
ordered.
Mr. Hoi mf.s ro'S to make an enquiry from the chair,
and while he was making it
Mr. J. Q Annn rose, and with some tvaimth, enquired
if the ijuration was dehuteable.
Mr. Holmk* replied that he was only asking for information.
Mr. J. td-Adams?I am perfectly willing, but I ask for
the liberty to answer him.
Mr. Hoi at-a?I w as only asking the Speaker if he deCidtd
that the portion of the message was receivable,
whether there were any slaves "constitutionally eutitli
d to freedom."
Mr. J. U Adams?1 am also entiled to ask a question.
I understand the gentleman fiom South Carolina has
moved to lay the w hole petition on the table.
The SessaiB?No; the whole petition has not been
received.
Mr.Ar>AM?-Wrll,half of it,then,has been received,
I believe,by the decision of the Speaker. Now, 1 did
undei stand the gentleman from South Carolina, and he
will correct me it I am wrong,to move to lay the whole
of the petition en the table.
Mr. C umitl replied, that he understood a portion el
the petition came withia the rule, and thertfore that
part of the petition was not receivable.
Mr. Adams (with great irritability)? He has decebd
that. Their isatrick in the proposition - there i. atrick
to catch vote*.
Mr. CsMrarLL?The Chair is competent to decide
w hether it i* in order.
Mr. Abams?I nuit know what the Speaker unJrr
stand* the motion was.
Mr Horam* asked if tke question wa? debatable.
The Srr.Aar.a *aid the question wa*. en laying thf
question of reception on the table, and if there w a* dohate,
it must be on that.
Mr. C*Mrav.LL said any motion could be received until
the Hons said otherwise.
Mr. Abas-* -I deiire the gentleman to put his motion
i . w. t i g. 1 ran act vote as it i* now put, became therf
is a trick nit. I desire him to put it in writing, tha* 1
m-, *? what it i*.
Mr. C Mr a* ll?T presume it if understood.
Mr. (losnos ?I w ould a?k if the latter clause i* not al
I Italy itceived?
Mr \V. <5. JtHusn* replied that when the petition wa*
ir?t r>resatit> d he objected to its reception, and when thr
spi o'f ?p derided that j art ws? not rscrh able, the gentle
In u fr?v. '?ilo J(.5ucdthot the remaining ps>-t Si
1
be receivm, on m bleu the gentleman Irom Suulh Carolina
moved to lay the question of reception on the table.
(Criea of queaiion, question.)
The8rr?*sa directed the Clerk to call the names on t
the question of reception.
The Cnu-(Beginning alphabetisall) )?"John Quiacey
Adams."
Mr. Adams (in much excitement) cried at the top of
his voice?Mr. Speaker, / will not answer as it now
stands, for 1 beliere there is atrick in it. (Much confusion.)
The Srctaaa sai I the list mutt be called, and it was
for the House to decide whether the gentleman should
be excused.
The vote was then taken, but before an announcement
was made of the result
Mr. Matiiist said that Mr. Gordon, and Mr.Bowneof
New York, were both within the bsr, and for some reason,
best known to themselves, had refused to vote. Ha
hoped the House would compel them to vote.
Mr. Bowm replied that when his name was called he
was in conversation with a friend, and wu not conacioua
that he had been called. He waa perfectly
willing to vote, he never " dodged," and ha now voted
"aye." (Laughter.)
Mr. Mathiot moved that Mr. Gordon be compelled to
vote.
Mr. J. G. Ki.ovo asked what the penalty was, provided
the gentleman did not vote.
The SrcAKEa said it was in the power of the House to
exercise its authority.
Mr.J.'G. Klovu. What, when there was no proviaiou
of that sort 1
The Clkbk then sailed " Samuel G >rdon."
Mr. Oordoii. Here. (Laughter.)
A Voice wu heard obaerviug " you must rote."
Mr.Oaaaaa. What la the queition? (Laughter.)
The Speaker informed the gentleman from New York
that the 37th Rule of the Home re<|uired him to vote ,
and then explained the nature ot the question.
Mr. Adams ?The Speaker says the question is on
laying part of the petition on the table ; I did not understand
it so.
Tko Speaker.?The speaker did not say so now : ho
said theio was the question of reception of the latter
part of the petition, and the motion was to lay the
question of reception on the table.
Mr. Adams ? if it is a question of reception, every one
who has voted '-aye" has voted for the reception?
(laughter.)
The Speaker.?The gentleman from Massachusetts is
not in order.
Mr. Adams.?Well, I believe I am in order, (laughter)
I wantto know what the question is. I refused myself
to answ er.
The SrEAEca.?The gentleman from Maasachnsets is
net in order. The question before the Housee is on the
refusal of the gentleman from New York to vote.
Mr. Gordon and some half dozen other gentlemen
were crying "Mr. Speaker."
Mr. Llwis Wilmams hoped order would be preserved.
Mr. Gordon.?I ask then to be excused from votingLoud
cries of "Its too late"?and " why don't you
vote?")
The Speaker proposed to announce the vote as it stood
before further proceedings were had.
Mr. Arnold desired that the gentleman from New
York should vote first.
Mr. Wuc inquired if ihe rula was not imperative upon
all. Other gentlemen were on the floor at the same
time, but Mr. Oordon removed the difficulty?by voting
" aye." (Criei of " well, that's settled.")
Mr. Wise thought the House shoald have begun at A
before it got to O, and should compel another gentleman
to vote. *
The Speaker inquired who tke gentleman was.
Mr. Wise said that the Speaker had named him; it
was the honorable gentlemau from Massachusetts, (Mr.
Adams.)
Mr M.vthkot. I move that the rules be enforced
against the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. Stanip.t saidthat it was known that the gentleman
from Massachusetts was not to be overcome in that
way; they had tried it too often. (A voice, "then he
ought to be turned out of tho House.")
The Sfkakek then announced the vote to be, ayes 1M,
noes 110; so that the motion to lay the question ot reception
on the table was carried.
Mr. Mathkot. Mr. Speaker, I again move that the
rules be enforced against the gentleman from Massachusetts.
(Cries of oh 110, it's too lute.")
Mr. Gf.ddinos then said he had a petition to present,
which differed from the one just disposed of: it was a
petition from a number of respoctable elector* of the State
of Ohio, praving that proper steps may be take to repeal
all laws, a ad the alteration of all constitutional provisions
by whioh the people of the free states,the federal
government, and this nation, are in any way bound to
countanance, protect, or aid in any manner, in supporting
and continuing the institution of slavery, or keeping
human beings in bondage.
Mr Wise asked if that did not come wit'iinthe rule.
Mr. Gkodixoi replied that the Speaker would|pcrceive,
it only asked that the people of the free States should be
exempted from protecting slavery If the gentleman
from Virginia admitted that they were bound, and could
not be exemp', he would of course admit the sonstltationality
of the free States to abolish. It was a question,
whether the people of the free States were to be bound
to support slsvery.
Mr. Wise.?I object to its reception, and I move to lay
the question of reception on the tuble.
Mr. Adam??i rise to s question of order, and that is
wbetherfthe gentleman from Virginia has the right to
make a motion and then move to lay his own motion on
the table.
Mr. Wise?I did no such thing. I moved to lay the
question of reception on the table. 1 know what I amk
very well. f
Mr. Campbell explained that the question of reception
was be " ' 1'' .. *?"'-> * -itmoved
' '1
Mr.
ginia t r>
discnsi , .
and to'." " * .... t- . it ... .
the ge' ?. ' T
Mr. W sr?lcan .<? 1
io far- "
the throat* 01 my constituents
Mr.GiDDinos?I desire to eay one word, [great confusion.]
The Sp aker, [impatiently ]?Gentlemen will please to
take their aeate.
Mr.OkDBieoa?I merely wi?h to say?[order, question,
qui'ition ]
The Speaber?The question is on laying the question
of reception on the table. The ayss and noes were demanded
and ord.-n d
Mr. Arnold?Did 1 understand the Speaker to decide
that the petition dors net conflict with the 21st rule.
The Speaker?I have so decided.
Mr. Ahmoi d? Oh that's all 1 want to know.
The Ayes and Noes weie then taken and resulted as
follows:?Ayes lus, Noes bfl, so the question of reception
was laid on the table.
* Mr.Gmpiaos, htvii.g presented a number of petitions
of no publio interest, then said he had one signed by 33
citiaeus oi Pennsylvania, praying Congress not to admit
any new state iuta the Union whose constitution
tolerates slavery.
Mr. Wise?1 object to tha reception of that petition.
Mr.Cssirs .ll?And I make the sumo motion as belore.
Mr. James?And I call lor the ayes anil noes.
The A> as and Noes gsve the following result?Ayes
102, Nors 82.
Mr. OeDoinr. said he wished to justify himself to thoso
gentlemen who had rntrusted to htm their petitions, and
he held the petitions of 10,000 freemen, moat of them resident
in Ohio, where they ranked amongst the most
respectable?praying to he relieved from the necessity
of aiding to hold human beings in bondage . but after
what had passed, he should feci justified m withdrawing
ihem from the House, ar.<l returning ihom to the petitioners.
and submit to the people the question how far they
would submit to such legislative indignity.
Several other gentlemeu then presented petitions on# I
variety of subjects j amongst other things there w?gs
poUliona for the protection of American manufacture*,
and lor the prevention of the transportation of the mall A
on the Sabbath.
Mr. ShaBlcck J A* brews < Hi red a petition on tha *
subj-ct of the 21st rula, and rimoustrating agninat tha
stigmatising abclmcn petitions, or treating thim in a
different manner from other petitions.
Mr. Camprki.l taned the same question as before, aud
ma te the same motion.
Mr. Adihi t illed for the ayes Had noes thereon, and
asked, with tome vehemence, if it was intended to drive
the people into a stato of rebellion.
The qui stion of recaption was laid upon the tabic?
ny es 99, noes 89.
Mr. Amurews tben attempted to offer another petitioa
on the subject of slavery.
Mr. Campbell made the motion as before on its reception.
Mr. Andrews said he had fifteen petitions on the subject
of slavery, which he supposed would be excluded, if
toe might Judge, by the action ol the House this morning,
aud he suou.dnot.thereloie, pri sent th?m.
Mr. Wei.lee presented a petition for the recognition 01
HaytL _ _
Mr. Cow ?* had levcral pi-Utioni on tho subject ol slavery.liut
hewn unwilling to occupy tho time of the
He use by calling lor the ayoi and noes, believing that,
the une coueaa would be followed. He, however, lelt
bound to present them, and the House could disposo of
them as it thought proper. He presented several, and
the question ol reception was in each case laid on tfco^^
table.
Mr. Stovclcv pieienteJ several, which shared tb
same fate.
Ths Btsni rT Li*. ,
Mr. Garbitt Davii presented a potion which wast
Jerstood in some way to relate to the fcaWews Law.'
Mr. Csavrns moved its reference to the (S^ftmitteeor^^
the Judiciary. with instructions to report a hill torepei
the Bankrupt Law.
Mr. PaorriT said if a rote wai to ho taken on this question.
he should move a call of the House.
Mr. Lot Wasrsw was understood to movetha previous
question on the question of the reference of the petition
Mr. O. Davh roia to a question of order. If the pre
? ions qursuuu w mb 9<l*lHllieil,ine ie couill ue no at omvm j
hut it thi? prrviou* i putt ion wore not su darned, a Johale
might utw,and the subject couitl bo laid over.
Mr. rnorriT (Aid, on that paint ot order there were de
cisiuns made at the last i<If there w?s any objection,
the Fieaker had deckled that wee sufficient te
lay the question over, even when the previous qaestion
had been eaUed. And if it were not so, tome gentlemen
might get in their resolutions when vthurs cooVl not do
10.
Mr. CitiTTrrnr* mo re J to lay the question of refer
ence on the table.
Mr 1'aorriT called tor the ayei and nccl.
An honorable m'-mber moved an adjouriaent *
Mr. t'aorriT repeat! d bia call for the ayea and noel.
The Srtaaaa atated the question of adjournment and
added that the gentleman trom Indiana had demanded
the ayes and nosi thereon.
Mr. Paurrn said, hit call for the ajrea and noei did
not apply to the motion lor an adjournment.
Mr. W in roan ami lat great confuaien,and ta'd there
had b.enso much ronluaion that he anil tom< of bia
frienda knew not what question was before the House,
nod consequently knew not how to act ; he diaired,
theti fore, taat the qus.it ion should bo stetrJ by the
Chair.
The Hrrtava stated the question, a;,J la-' traded
the instructions to be out ol order. d
A (IrsTLiMis was heard iu the conftiM^| ,' Ob
we are got into a snarl, let's adjourn." \
ii. to m'Jowrr. r a :."s :T?n i 'j'"*-1 J
o.n '
Baltimore.
|Correspondence of the Hernld-J
BiLTiMOKi, Jon. 8, 1841?9 A. M.
Mr. Editob ?
There is nothing very new, etrnnge or wonderful.
Erery thing is perfectly stale. The movements
at Annapolia are growing atrong for resumption
We hare had aereral failurea among oui
flour aaerchanta recently. An eld firui went yesterday.
The reason of theae failurea is aaid to be
inconsequence of the failure of a large milling establishment
near Harper's Ferry, to which they
had adranced money.
I hare just learned that two steamboats on the
Chesapeake Bay run into each other yesterday,
and injured each considerably. Captain Parish,
commander of one of them was coasiderably hurt.
Nothing more at present.
Respectfully yours, Twist.
Philadelphia.
[Correspondence of the Herald.J
Philadelphia, Jan 8, 1842.
There is but little stirring here to-day in the way
of news, except, the no rery singular occurrence
of the discharge of James Harrey from prison, on
ths two term principle. This Harrey was one ol
four individuals charged with the commission of s
? ? ? >L. .7 ? as., vv:11;
iap? " IUC I'cisvn u? ? maa. ?? uii?utovu, wiu?
month* since. This discharge is no uncommon occnrrence
here, especially where the efi'ence alleged
is of an aggravated character. The defendants is
sack cases if possessing friends or property, manage
to put oil the trial until relieved by this prin
eiple
A heavy defalcation hns just beeu discovered in
the accounts of the Secretary and Treasurer of the
Philadelphia Fire Contributionship Association.
The salary was $2,500 with perquisites equal to
about $1,500 more. What the precise nature ef the
defalcation, or rather its shape, has net yet reached
use, nor has the amount of the defalcation yet pnblicly
transpired. 1 have had an inkling of this
matter for some days, but have been unable te learn
more than is above stated. So wt go.
1 am also informed that the Cashier of the Merchants
and Manufacturers' Bank at Pittsburg, ha*
resigned his office, from the same cause, as is intimated,
that has iudueed so many of our modern financiers
to retire from public life.
The recommendation of Cov. Porter to sell the
public works meet* with ths most favorable acceptance
in every quarter. It is hoped and believed
that the legiaisture will second the matter with
prompt action. Free of this drain upon the Treasuiy,
and a sound currency once more, Pennsylvania
will begin to hold up her head among her sisters
of the Union.
Our theatres still continue open to extsemely
poor audiences. Two of them it is said are ubout
to close. If so the others may live.
The business in stocks to day was light, at prices
the same as yesterday, in State Fives, though
very heavy, and bidders took a lower stand. Wilmington
Railroad shares advanced, while the loans
of the company fell.
Judge Hopkinson, who yesterday fell in the
Atheneum, as.is supposed in a fit, still continues
??r? 111. and it is feared will not recover.
ft Mr. Burritt, the learned blacksmith, lectured before
the Mercantile Library Association last night,
to an audience little if any short of two thousand
The immense hall and gallery was crowded as full
as they could be stowed. He is a flowery talkei
but not a cogent reasoner.
Unfortunate Accident?We regret to state thai
the steamboat Georga, bound hence to Norfolk,wat
run into on Thursday night at half past 9 o'clock
when off Cove Point, a little above the mouth oi
Patuxent river, by the steamboat Pocahontas, cap
tain Parish, on her way from Norfolk to this city
At the moment of the collision the flag staff in the
bow of the Pocahontas was thrown down, and wc
regret to say fell on captain Parish, striking him oi
the head and 1 racturing his scull to such an extent
that but little hopes are entertained of his recovery
The Georgia returned to the city yesterday, having
lost her stem, cutwater, and received other damage
The Pocahontue cams to anchor immediately, anc
will return in tow of a steamboat, sent to her relief
?Bolt. Amtr. Jan 8.
Captjuh Bolton.?The case of this officer is a
last decided, and we give below a copy of the de
cision of the Court Martial and the sentence.
The Finding and Siniiiici in the Caib of Captai:
Bolton.
"* After mature comiiteratiou, the Court fiads?
That the lit specification of the aharge is proven.
That the 3d specification is not proven, and
That the 3d specification is not proven.
That the charge, viz : " Disobedience of Orders,1'
is proven, and the accused is adjudged guilty thereof.
The Court having passed upon the charge and site
ifioations, after mature deliberation adjudged the lol
lowing
Sentence.
The Court having found Captain William Comptoi
Bolton guilty of " Disobedience of Orders," in parting
from the Ohio, on the coast of Spain, on or about thi
4th day of April 1811. in violation of a verbal order con
Teyed to him through Psased Midshipman Cadwalla lcr
hut in consideration of the manner in which the Ordei
was given, the Court only adjudged him, the said Cspt
William Compton Bolton, to be privately reprimands
by the Hon. Secretary of the Navy.
The Court is fmthrrof opinion, that the said Captaii
Williaai Compton Bolton, in the exercise of his com
man !, was fully prepared, and at all times anxious t<
sustain the honor an t reputation of the American Flag
JOCOB JONES, President,
Jno. Downos, E. Pendleton Kennedy,
Juo.B. Nicolaon, W. Branford Shubrick,
R F. Stockton, Dan. Turner,
CHARLES H. WINDER,
Judge Advocate.
Approved, January 1st, 1813
(Signed,) A. P. UPSHER.
Navy Department, )
4th January, 1343. )
Sin?i enclose acopy of the finding and sentence o
the Naval U< neral Court Martial in your case, recentl;
tried at the Navy Yard, Pniladelphia, which has beei
approved.
To an officer of your high sense of personal and pro
fossional honor, this sentence is sufficiently executed b;
imply announcing it.
Tou are relieved trom arrest, and will consider youi
self as awaiting orders.
lain, very respectfully,
Your obdt serv't,
A. P. UPSHER.
Cspt. W. C. Boi.Toa,
^ U. S. Navy, Philadelphia.
Fra*?The fire last nijht between nine and tei
o'clock, was in the wholesale liquor store of Jule
Feriere, 45 Broad street. There was but little darn
age done. The store was insured, we understand
aval hews?xne totiowing is the dispositioi
of the Nnval Force of the United States, in activi
aerviee, January 1, lHt'2.
Home Squadron?Commodore Charles Stewart Re
* '-m ndence, Captain J. (iallagher; Frigatt
Cc v A. Parker ; steamer Ilia
to r - ~mer Miassippi, Cap
ta <'om. W
R . ... r . . '
bt 1
G : - -a
-jl f tt'l . U ..'"u?<l.od'>te. C'- dBhti'-.
f r.- > '1
ftig-ite Polonies r '
Marion. Com. W. J. Beu ,
H W Ogdru ; sloop Concord. W.doi*..-er
Enterprise, Coin. L. M Goldsborough.
West India Station ?-Commodore Jesse Wilkin on?Frigate
Macedonian, (commodore J Wilkin on
; Sloop Levant. Commander A Fiizhugh ; Sloop
Warren, Com C. L Williamson.
Pacific Station ?Commodore Th. Ap C. Jones. Frigate
United S'ates, Capt. J. Armstrong; Sloop
Yorktown, Capt J. H. Aulick ; Sloop St. Louis,
Commander F Fori est ; Sloop Cyane, Com C. K
Stribling ; Sloop Dale, Com. C. trauntt; Schoonet
Shark. Com- T A. Dornin.
Mediterranean Station ?Commodore Charles W.
Morgan ?Frigate Hrtndvwwe, Capt. D. Geisingerj
Sloop Fairfield, Com. J. Tatnall; Sloop Preble,
Com. R. Voorht e?Fast
India Station.?Commodore L Kearny ?
Frigate Constellation, Commodore L. Kearny;
Sloop Boston, Commander J.C. Long.
In addition to the above, there are seven smal
ehnoners on the coast of Florida. under the comma..
I ol Ll. J. T McLaughlin, co-operating with
the Army in its efforts to restore peace to that distnrb<
d frontier.
The Exploring Expedition, under the command o|
Li'ut. Wilkes, con-i? .ing of the sloops Vincennes
at: Peacock, and the brig Porpoise, is still employed
in that service, but is expected to return to the
United States in the course of the ensuing summer.
Mobile Rack*.?The weather continuing un
-Torable for the sports of the turf, bat few were
la attendance at the Mobile race ceune on the 28th
alt to witness two very pretty races. A sweepstake
for colts and fillies, three year old, came off
8r?t?three ontries, and all started. The result as
fellows:?
W J. Cellini' b. f. Lizzy Howell. * 1 1
Col. Wstsen'* b. c. Cherry bounce, I 3 a
L- Cock's b. f. diet.
Tims?3 m ?3 m 3 ?1 m. ? i.
8a< ono Race.?A mateh between
Johnson's g g. Bird, 1 I
R Chapman's t.c.Billy Kimble, 3 3
Tims? 1 m. SO ? ? 3 m its. Track very muddy.
It is dae to Lizzy Howell's rider, "Andrew
Jackson Richard Crowell," to say that the purse
was won by his superior management of the rein.
(Xf EiaaT W**u?Kan-aom Mkitinu?At Urjje
ml reapectable meeting of citizen* of tb? Firat Ward,
held at tha Broad atreet Houae, ou the Ifltk inatant, for
the purpose of Coaaidering tha imparlance ef a apeedr
completion of the New York and Eria Railroad, J. Paillip?
PhoFoia, Eaq. <vm called to tha chair, and Or. S 11
Harria and Calvin Baylia were appointed Becretariea.
The Chairman atated briefly the object of the meeting
and intrudnci d D A. Macamher, E?q. who, in a moat
clear, able and aatiafactoiy manner, portrayed the advantage!
to thia city and State to be derived from an early
completion o( the New York and Erie Railroad.
Ob motion of Dr. Marah. a committee of three waa ap
pointed to drart resolutions. expressive ot the sense 01
thia meeting?whereupon Dr. Marsh, O. W. Van Tuyl
and E. W. Anthony .Esqrs. were appointed, who reported
the following, which were unanimously adopted
Resolved, l'hat we take the deepest interest in the
i success of the city of Nrw York ; that we regard its
, prosperity not only as important to its inhabitants, but te
the State and to the Union?and we cannot look with in
difference upon those projects which are to increase its
present unrivalled advantages. i
Resolved, That the aity of New York has vastlv increased
in wealth and population, since the eosapletion
of the Erie Canal, and it is undeniable that new ave- 1
nuesof a similar tendency, will have similar results.
Resolved, That the New York and Erie Railroad if ,
particularly characterized as one of the most important
projects of the day, and the great success of the eastern
portion of it. demonstrates to our satisfaction the remu- 1
nerating character of the entire work. I
Resolved, That we hail with pleaaure the animating
pirit which prevails throughout the city in relation to
its completion, and we pledge ourselves to exert every
energy in its behalf until its hnal accomplishment.
Resolved, That we approve of the plan of ward meetingsaud
ward subscriptions, and that we callupo i every
citizen in this ward, to come forward without delay and
give the Erie Railroad a hearty and unanimaua support.
Resolved, That so far as all experience has been had
in Railroads, it it found that the interest they pay on
their cost it always in proportion to their continuous
length, and in the opinion of this meeting this stock will
pay a better interest on the investment than any Road
new in operation in the United State*.
Resolved, That inasmuch as it is somewhat doubtful,
whether any reliance can be placed in the Stat* lending
its farther aid to thin RoaJ, that it should now deptud
upou individual enterprise for its completion.
Revolved, That the citizen* of New York will not auffer
thia Road to be neglected while the citizeos of Boaton
are reaping the benefit of the immense wealth of the
Great West,the natural outlet of which is this city.
Resalved, That a Committee be appointed by this
meeting to district the ward, and appoint suitable persons
ta call on the citizens and solicit subscriptions for the
completion of this great work.
Whereupon the following gentlemen were appointed,
riz
J. P. Phoenix, Stewart C. Marsh,
Dr. J. B. Marsh, Calvin Bali*,
Win. A. F. Peutz, Edward Prime,
Was. E. Wilmerding, Wm. E Johnson
J. D. Van Beuren, O. W. Van Tnyl,
Andrew H Mickle, J. J. Van Nostrand,
Stephen R. Harris, J. S. Gilbert,
Edward Anthony, Henry W. Titus.
(Signed)
J. PHILLIPS PHCENIX, Chairman.
S. R. Harris, ) _ , . -s
Calvin Balis, J c ar,e*'
Enthusiastic Raii.boad Mketin* in thi Third
WARD ?Al a meeting ol tue l ilizcm 01 ine iniru wmu,
eenvened pursuant to notice, for tke purpose of taking
into consideration the most effectual measures for the
speedy completion ut the New York and Erie llailroail,
i Alderman Benson was called to the Chair, and D. H.
Stonb was appointed Secretary.
1 The meeting having been called to order, Charles Stetson,
Esq., in a few forcible and eloquent remarks, stated
i the object of the Convention.
Oea. W. Ralph, Esq. followed, at some length, elucidating,
in the clearest manner, the importance to the City
and State of New Yerk,of the immediate completion of
the great work underconsideration. Mr. R. was listen'
ed to with much interest, and produced an impression on
' the minds ofhis audience, which their actions will fully
' corrobate.
r On matioa of Alderman Underwood, the Chair ap
pointed Col. Wm. L Stone, Charles Stetson and George
Schott, a committee to draft resolutions,
t Col. Stnne (the committee having completed their la,
bor,) reported the following resolutions :?
Resolved, That the natural advantage* of New York,
! aa a commercial city, taking into consideration both climate
and position, are greater than those of any other
seaport on the continent, and that it remain! only far man
topntfoith his resourcea and bis strength to secure
s those advantages ta the full.
: Resolved, That the Erie Canal, though opposed in its
1 commencement as a chimerical scheme, has proved itself
a river of gold pouring into the laoof New Yotk.and
' that we believe the completion of tne New York and
? Eric Railroad will ensure a blessing equally signal, both
' to the City and State.
: Resolved, That the State of New York, tho Pioneer in
' the cause of Ioternal Improvement, cannot look with indifference
upon the last and greatest of her achievements,
four hundred and forty miles of consecutive railway.
Resolved, That in the present state of financial matt
teri, the people cannot look with effect to the State?but
that they have a just right tc appeal to the tried and indomitable
energy and perseverance of the people, in a
Ratter which is singularly their own, and which appeals
equally to the pride and interest of every New
Yorker.
Resolved, That in this state of affairs, the city of New
Vnrlt mill trust tn herself nni! the contiguous counties
through which the Railway ii destined to pan*. Renting
on her sagacity, and th?t of her neighbors on the line of
the road, she will not doubt that nach a aum may be railed
an will complete the longest Railway in the world,
and add immeasurably to the happincn of all, and to the
particular proiperity of this city.
Oa presenting the Resolutions, Col. Stone made a few
remarks, in his usual lilicitaus style.
lie was followed by M.C. Patterson, Esq., who, with
ven more than his usual ability, enforced upon his an
dience the imperative necessity, for the safety of the
standing of our City, of immodiately constructing the
Railroad.
Col. Stone again, for a few minutes, enchained tire attention
of his audience, by examples of energy and sue1
cesafnl enterprise on the part of other cities, not possessing
in any prop Ttion the wealth and resources of New
r York. After this?
Charles Stetson walked up to the table, and enforced
) by an example worthy to be imitated by all, the arguments
whicn had been adduced during the evauing, by
increasing the amount of the subscription list, and we
are happy to say his example w as followed. Thus we
hail, with delight, the auspicious commencement of our
successful competition with our rivals. Let the hall
keep rolling.
On motion of Col. Wra. L. Stone, a committee of two
were appointed by the Chair, to obtain subscriptions, in
accordance with the resolutions of the meeting.
Oa motion, Walter K. Penny and Enoch Morgan were
appointed such committee.
Previous to adjournment, it was Resolved, on motion
f of Alderman Underwood, that the proceedings be pubY
Hiked in all the daily papers, signed by the Chairman
a and Secretary.
On motion of Col. Stono, the meeting adjourned,
i- E. BENSON, Chairman,
y D. H. Stow, Secretary.
RorHF.iTt*, Dee.24, 1811.
Messrs. Pv.asf It Sorss, 4* Division streetThere
is no end to the demands hourly made upon me
for your in I is Hi Me Herehounil Candy, and.es our city is
overrun with visitors and travellers, I fear I shall be
closed up in an article that now requires nothing but a
constant supply to satisfy the public. Doctor Merrisan
came acrsss from Canada, yesterday, and positively
q asserts that he knows of no medicine yet discovered that
has produced so many and successful, as well as instantaneous,
recoveries in the most obstinate cases ol catarrh,
* consumption, cold and soro throats. He speaks of its
pre eminence also, in the mo<t alarming instances of
crntip. Forward me, without delay, an increased supply.
Yours, lie. J. Wins.
1 P. S. Yon can send hy stage to Albany, to the care of
1 your agent, Ilawls & Co.,57 State street, and he will forward
it to me. J. W.
? 0(7- The Rsv. Mr. Vai* Z?xnT seems to attract ns ordinary
share of attention. Clergymen are hut human,
and consequently liable to err. The only infallible
things we know of are Sherman's Lozenges, and the way
the people buy them is evidence that they appreciate
rm Coughs, colds, headaches, worms, and most ordi
Pjii-jT m?o?,aracuief uy mem earner ana iwoner man
' ' ? hing in use. They are sold at 10<S Nassau street.
, inal n trrhomi ; anil by ag.-nts, 110, 571 and 440
vay ; 138 Bowerv, 77 E.?t Broadway. 351 Bleeck
et. 337 Hudson strert, and Hii William street, New
' ; 58 and 13# Fulton street, Brooklyn ; Redding, 8
street, Boston.
MOMRY MARKET.
gatnnlay Jan, ?-# P M.
The sales of the Stock Board presented the usual features
and prices fluctuated to some extent. Delaware
f k Hudson fell 1 per cent, Indiana bonds Harlem
, Long Island rose }. At auction a sale of 3,471 shares of
Harlem stock were sold at 0( a 9J, which la J a J above
the market rates. They were bought in by Mr. Qourlie
This stock was pledged with John Ward A Co., to secure
two loans of $44,400 each, made In 1836 and 1937. These
loans fell due Oct. 10, 1941, and Jan. 10, 1813. They
were issued at 40 per cent, rense<|uently, the 1,471
shares amounted to the $h$,oo$. .This slock is now transferable
and forms an addition to the quantity upon the
mirket.
The packet ship Albany, for Harre, carries out
$00,000 in specie.
The ship Albany, which sailed to-day for Havre, carries
out $96 000 i n specie.
Great efforts are making to depress the Mohawk and
Hudson Railroad. The stock is held by a few speculators
who generally manage to " corner" those that sell
e nough. We have not yet received the returns uf the
road for the past year; hut those for the three previous
ones are as follows :?
HuDSOX A.UD IIiiHIWI RllLWiv.
Rttfipti i s is isjs. tata
Transport of ('aiaengsrt, 101 015 1IS.SS4 I85.S91
" Freight. IS 378 38 000 11.031
" " U.S. Mail, 1,139 4.SSS s ins
IUnta sf Tenements, I lie l ies l.HS
Otier sources, 154 8.8X5 10,391
113.333 138,531 134.354
Disbursements, 85.333 37.1*3 73,173
Bslanes, 40,511 58379 81,878
Deduct dividend 3 percent, so.ota
tT I'ipei ded balance, Jan. 1, 1811, $39,378
The pretence now is, that the Troy Railroad will tnka
away the buaine.a.and entirely ruin the Mohawk Roar1. 1
The New lurlc Equitable Ininrance Company hits
declared a dividend of four per cent, far the last tlx
menth*, payable on the IJ.h instant. The B<aW
of Georgetown, S. C., one dollar on each ihare fcr
the lait tlx msnth*. The Bank of Camden, 8. C..
two dollar* per ihare far the paat six month*. The
Union Bank, 8. C , one dollar and twenty-five cent* per
ihare. The Bank of 8outh Carolina, one dollar and
twenty fiveceati per ahare. The Farmer*' and Planter!
Bank, 8. C., seventy five cent* per share.
The Mayor of Baltimore ha* vetoed the bill allowing
five per cent interest on the railroad order*.
The 8t. Louii papers complain of the scarcity of mo
ney in that city, and attribute* it, in part, to the failure
of the Cairo Bank, and the proposed curtailment by the
8tat? Bank of Illinois.
The finances of the Federal Government are the sub
ject of great anxiety at Washington, and to the people
t large. The party that came into power in March last
feea to have determined to create a deficiency in the
Treasury, by giving away one part of the revenue and
squandering the other, thereby forcing a National deb
upon tha people. In accordance with this poliay.an Lx
tra Session was called to "relieve the Treasury," and
the first act of that Sassion was to give away tha public
land revenue*. The appropriation* of the year were
then increased J*..->00,000, and finally a $12,0*0,000 loan
bill was passed, without providing any specific fund* to
pay either principal or interest. This wo* the entering
wedge for the proposed national debt, and it had scarcely
passed, when Mr. Clay gave notice that it would imme
diately at the commencement of the Extra Session, be increased
by $16,000,000 addition, loan. The state of the
markets has however prevented the negotiation of the
loan. The failure is ascribed to the shortness of the
time to run. The true cause, however, is the lact that
when six States have failed, and repudiation stalks
abroad in the land, the government has not only made
no provision for the payment of the loan, but has deprived
itself of the only legitimate means to provide for it
The following table will show the different views of
the Secretaries that have been in office during the past
year.
Finances or the Fbdcral Oavksnment.
tt'uodhury's Eshmatt. Ewinn's Estimate, forward's
Receipts. Jan 18H. March 1841. RttMirt.
Customs, 19 000.000 13,000 000 14,047,557
Lands. 3,5(0 000 ? 3.500 000 1,454 0S3
Miscellaneous 80,loo 170,000 130 091
Balaaceju I, 1,583 055 016.8ej 987,345
Banks, 230.000 ? 733,4*3
Loan, ? ? 5.533.731
Treasury notes 343 (18 5.411.593 7,731,830
Total receipts 34,743,473 30,730,395 31,397,813
Expenditures
Civil (M. 3,450.740 ? 6.1(5,589
Military, 8 699.440 ? 14,003.878
Naval, 5.445.339 ? (,199.547
Public debt, 14(390 ? 97.080
TreaauryLOtes4.600.0(0 ? 5,(30 9(5
23,134.730 30 730,3(5 32,035.07V
Mr. Woodbury's estlmatu did not embrace the ex
penses and appropriations of the Extra Session, which
amounted to near $$ 000,000 ; nor did his estimate of receipts
embrace the loan, but confined itself to affairs as
they then existed. Leaving out the receipts Irom the
loan,it will be seen that his estimate was within $1,500,000
of the actual amount according to Forward's report
consequently, had the expenses been conliued to tiia,
which was strictly neaessary ,the government would uol
now be bankrupt; but $6,000,000 was spent at an extrs
session to "relieve the people," which of course iucreas'
ed the demand upon the Treasury. When Mr. Ewing
came into office he endeavored to depress the estima
jed receipts, and increase the expenditures,with the view
to spare the necessity of a lean. The report of Mr. Forward.
showing the actual results, prove that had the
expenses of the year been confined to the actual estimates
of the several departments, the ridiculous extra
session avoided, and the affairs of the government con
uucieu wim inai regard 10 economy wnicn common
sense would have warranted in the preaent exigencies
of the finanaial world, the failure of the loan and the
loaa of credit to the government would not only have
been avoided, hut a surplus would now have been in the
treasury, instead oi the actual dishonor that has now
overtaken the governanent, aad which affects its credit
to such an extent that its six per cent obligations arc
quoted at 95a99 per cent in the market.
Sales at the Stock Exchange.
*2000 Corporation B>ls 97 US do do 65
*2900 Illinois fills, 1670sl5 IT 51 <io do alt 94
*1-080 do 19} 10S do do ai5 93]
*4000 do 17j 25 do Mechanirs'Bk 6rj
*4100 do sSO IS I 26 do Plienix Bank T3|
*3000 do |7J 50 do Fanners Loan, 27
*5000 do snw 17 59 do do 21}
*1000 do s4 aios 15 60 do Ohio Life it Tt 65
*4000 Iudiaa Bda 19 10 do do 55}
*5000 do 19i 10 do do S30 50
*fcUio do uw 18} 10 do Mercbants'Et 25
*SOOO do aw 19. 10 do N.Y.k Klie K 25
15u shares Del.kHad. 951 10 do d? 20
250 do do nw 9<i 25 do Canlon'Co, e30 19
75 do do 9*t 25 do do aSO l?t
60 do do 95 25 do Mohawk Kit 60}
25 do do S20 94 25 do do 60
76 do do ?n?r 94 I'd do do sow (9,
25 do do s30 93} 075 do Harlem 9
26 do do 95 1UU do L. IsUuil KKhSS 52}
50 do do Sl5 91 160 do do 51
10 do do 94} 60 do Stoaington R 14
25 do do snw (I 10 do New Jersey 71
Second Hoard.
100 shares llnrlem 9} 200J do Illinois 17
2000 do Indaua 19
Foreign Markets.
PK*r?a?ifi:ce Market, Dec. 9 h., 1841.?I have now to
report the arrival* of baique Navarre, Miller,from Philadelphia,
Dec. 6th; tariff Ariel, Gregg, do.. briff Lucy,
Dec. 7tb, from Boaton; barque Oov. Mow ard, Dec. 8th.,
from Baltimore?the latter Teasel with wheat for the
mill*. Th? ?e arrivals have caused a decline in the price
of flour, and most atliclei imported from the United
States. No further receipts ol fish Sugars are at market
in abundance, and prove of as good quality as anticipated.
Best whites have opened at 2 000 ner arrot e.
Hides in demand at 130is. Exchange, SOil. Dollars,
1600 and 1040.
Havana, Dec. 23d.?Since our last the Oglethorpe lias
arrived from Savanna, with abaut 360 tierces Rice, for
which no saving offer has yet been obtained, it will probably
remain unsold until after Christmas; we have
nothing new to advise. Troduce without any change
whatever. Lard, superior, dull at 11 to 11 J. Exchange
on London, 11 a 11J pri m , New York, 2 per ceut prem
New Orleans 3 per cent discount.
Married,
On Saturday msruing. dh instant, at St. George'i
Chapel,by the Rev. Dr Miltior, Johis Pendleton Ri.no
of Georgia, to Mart Louisa, daughter of the late Johr.
Woodward, and niece of John M lliaby.of New York.
On Wednesday evening 5th itutant, by the R--v. J S
Spencer, Mr. Wiv-iiam 11. Salt. of Flushing. L I., tc
Miss Eunice F... daughter of Ezra Lewis, Erq., o
Brooklyn.
Died.
On Saturday morning, the bth inst., Buxaimk Hamot
in tho 49th year of bis age.
Hia friend* and acquain'ances, also the members o
the Eire Department,are respectfully invited to attend hn
funeral, at half past 10 o'clock, this day, from No. 11
Talk Raw, without further invitation.
At Brooklyn, on Friday evening, Tth inst., Maria D
wife of Commodore James Renshsw, U. 8. Navy.
II'i friends, and those of the family are respectfully
invited to attend her funeral, this afternoon, at half pas
I o'clock, from the house of Mr*. Post, 126 Hicks street.
Latest Ailvlrss
REJJCIVU) AT THE NEW V'tlE HEltALD Orril'E
Africa Oct. 3# Madras Mar. Si
AnsCayet Dec IS MaiuMa July 11
Autieui-.*: Nov. 27 Moatevideo Oct. Si
llo.lanr . . 2 flat 1 ...I. ? M - ...
Biilnia J?* Sept. 1 MkUbzsm Dec. ll
Bermuda Dec. 7 Mayaguez. P. R P?C. (
Buciioa Ayr< Not. ? Mararaiho Aug. |i
Balria An* 24 Matamoriu Pet. I
helire.Hon Dec. 14 Neuvitm Not. t<
Barbadora Dec 21 Oahn, S. I. Aug f
i! acuta Oct. 10 Pari* I)ce. 2
Berbic# Sept. 27 Port au Pnore Dee. It
Cuimco* ..... Dee. 1 a Para Nor 34
Cienfuegoa Pec. 6 I'ernamhnco Not 2?
Oarthaaena- Not. 30 Panama June II
Car Not. 26 Rao de Janeiro nat. 2(
' tw.LT' a July 1 Singapore An*. 34
Callao July ? Sydney, NSW Aug. 5
Calcutta Sept. 17 St. Helena Not. 21
Kayal Oct. 26 St. Thoinaa Dec. I*
Gibraltar Not. 3 St. Barta Aug. |o
Oua) ama.P. R Sept. 29 St. Jago de Cuba Dec 4
OoiiaiTta- Dec. 3 St. John*. P. R Oct. 27
Oalreatun Pec. 3 St. Crou Not. 19
liaTre Dec. 1 St. Martha Not. 27
Havana D?c 19 Surinam Aug. 22
HalilM Dec. 21 Tamparo Dec. I
Jcremie Sept. 3 Tobacco ........... Aug. 31
Knit* ton, J a. Not. 39 Turkalalaud Pec. 17
Loudon Pec. 3 Trinidad de Cuba- Dec. 12
Liverjiool Dec. 4 Vera Cruz Not. 20
Cm iiuayra Die. 10 Valparaaao Sept. 8
Luna July 10 Yucatan Pec. 6
Macao Au*. 24 Zanzibar- -Oct. 2
New York Pont om?e.
Poat Office otei.a at o'clock, a. M
* 11 cloaca at " r.M.
Ot-en on Sundaya from I to IB a. M , and 121 to I) r. M.
ARRIVAL AND DKTAIlTURe OF THE MAIL*.
Due. Cloiet
N e-tfiern Mail < a.m. It r. m.
Kajiein Steamboat Mail, ria Stotungton,
..ally, eueept Sunday* f AM. I r.M.
K tern Stramnoai Mail, Tia New Haven.
daily, except Sunday a T f. M. I r.M.
Kaatem Land Mail, which leave* Sunday
uiorattig, cloaca Saturday I r.M.
P. teru Way Mail,viaHarlein,WeeteheaUr,
Norwalk.Vc. daily.eieept Siiadaya I r.M. 1 A.M.
Hartford Mail, by trainer, daily, eicept
Stuxlaya A.M. t r.M
S jthem Mail through ta New Orleaaa,
duly B a.m. H r.M.
P'.iladelfif'ia Monnag Mail -8) r. M. 7 a. M.
S-> ilherti Way Mail^ncluiliii* thei-riucipal ) T A.M.
'.'Hee* betweeu thia and Philadelphia,na > I a.m. It
/eraey <'ity,Newark, Ite. " " ) t r.M.
H .daon Rirer Way Mail, caal aide, Monday*,
Wednradaya, aud Friday* 8 a.m.
Do weet aide, d uly, > laept Sunday* 4j r.M.
Do. TcekakiM. Sing Sin*, kr. daily, eicept
Mind a yd S r, M.
Weatern Mail,daily 11) r.M. B) r. M
L n* Itlatul Mi?U??Worth aide cloaca oa
I'ueadava and Fndaya at I A. M.
' iddle Mail b a m.
i.)upi aide. Monday. Wednraday It Vridav B a. m
Paaarngtr* ffailrd,
HAvar? Ship Albtar?Th"? Ntlim,r F Lang?
MARITIME HERALD.
PORTO* mew YORK, JANUARY N
vn aim 7 S3 | Moon mil 5 m
ics 4 38 i with ? 44
Departure of (hi Atlantic Ittunor*.
rion t.inarooi. iiom boitob.
Ilnlmmi Jiui. 4 Feb.
CiW-mil Feb. 4 Mnr. 1
Acadia Mnr. 4 April 3
Packets to Arrive. Packets to Depart.
Lonnon tonnon.
Wellington,! hadwlck, Nov *0 Nloi treal, OrifTmg, Jan. 10
Quebec, liebarcl, Dec. I g ail i a tor, Urittou, Jan. SO
LivKarooL. LivtarooL.
^ America, Cole, Now. IS Sleplien Whitney, Jau. 13
Geo. Washington, Now. SS Coluuibut, Cropper, Jan. 19
hitbk. HaVRK.
Ducbeiee d'Orleans, Now. 30 Albwny, WaUon, Tan. (I
8ully, Thompeou. Dec. 1 81 Nicolas, Pell, Fi b. 1
To IHiuteri at Vessel*.
Commanders of vessels will coufer a favor by having a list
jf their cargoes, passengers, and a report of vaiaeJa left at
the port whence tliey nailed, and the veaaels apoken, ready
nil their arrival here for Commodore Bassktt, of our fleet
V uewa achoouers. He will board them immediately on
their arrival.
Cleared.
Ships Montreal. Tinker, Loudon John Oriiwold; klniily,
Crave, 8t Crois.Cbas Morgan; Aldebarau.Brew, Maraeillea,
Boyd Ik Hiuckeu: brig Oueco. Butler, New Orlraua. Johu Elwell;
achra A B Coolrv,Camp, Philadelphia; Eliza Ellen,
Merrill, Wilmington, N C, Ne-mith Ik Lreda; Celeste, Johnson,
Baltiinote; Perseverance, Weeks, Nrwbarii, N C; Marietta,
Mataou, Uoetuu; October, Duaut, Kiugaton,Ja, 11 Underwood,
Arrived,
Ship Newark,Marvin, 3 daye from Providence, iu ballait,
to Dauhatn It Dimou
Brig iieorgre, W,tts. 15 days from N Orleana, with 325 lull
augar to Uolto i, Foz It Livingston. 20th iiutam, l.t 34 36,
long 74 33, epuke aclir JohuO Neal, of Norfolk, lor New Orleans.
Below.
One ichr. Wind light E.
marine Correspondence.
OrricE or tiik Hhodk Ulandu*. 1
JNrwptrt, Jan 6, 1B44. S
Sid 5th, Pol tad, Havana.
Bid fclh. Newark, M-rw in, and Finland, Means, NYork, and
all others in port for a harbor.
Cld 4th, Finland. Meaus, for New York; Lhailea, Ash, for
Providence.
Paeaeugera in brig Poland, for Havana?Mra De Wolf and
daughter.
General Kt-coril,
Sena. Emcrald (Br) Crawford, arrived Thursday uight
laat irour Haltl.i, and casie to anchor in the North river, olf
Hector atreel wharf, and ou Friday night a large field ol ice
drifted ,gaunt her, which, when off the Battery, cut her
through, and she filled with water and sunk, t he ice carried
away her mainmast and lore-topsail yard. The captain and
crew took to theirbual, and succeeded in gel ting ou shore
without, however, saviug an article ol clothing The K. has
a cargo of coal
Ahrivals. etc atCHaHLraTon.?Harbor Master's report
for Dee, 1841.?Arrivals, veaaels roasting withiu the limits ol
the Stat* excepted?33snips, 14 barques,36 bnga, 69 lihooueis,
Clcaraurea and Peparturia.iuclud rg v> aaela departing eoaa'wife,
without clearing?21 n ipa, Id b<ui|uca, us bnga, 46achri,
42atiamboata
Remaining in Tort 31it Ore, 1841, including veafrla cleared,
excluaive ol teai'-la coaatiug wnliiu the Siatt?45 elope, 17
barque#, 32 brigi, 40 achooncia. 3 ateainb >ata.
Lor? of Ship Oci;ana.?The Kclio, at New Orlaaua, oulhc
2s.Ii ult from Kuigaloo, hringa the account ol the loaa ol ahip
I Uceana, HaiuinouU, of New Orleaua, aud bound hither from
Havre, w ith a valuable caigo. S'eweut aahore ?u the f th in1
ataut, al Baic Buah K-y. off *)ld Harbor, about 12 nnlea Irom
Kingatou I he ahip i? a total loaa. hut a part of ttie cargo in.ty
hue hreu aecured. The cabiu paaacugere aalled lor New Or'
leana belore the kcho left. The following ia from the Kiogaton
Deapatch
The Octaua, bound from Havre de Grace to New Oi leana,
waa run aahore on Friday laat, at Bare Buah Key, otr did
HaiborBay. Upwarda of two hundred aoula were on board,
laciudiug paaatngera, emigranta and crew. Fortunately no
liveahava been loai, hut the uuhappy emigranta havr In en
barbaroudy plundered by the iuhabitauta of Loug Bay aud
the yhore ia tin neighborhood. The Hon Alei. Bravo aoon
aet the police >n the traclta ol the robbrra,and we are informed
that their praiaeworthy egertioua have bee* emiuenlly aucceavful.
Mr. Bravo haa moat humanely taken charge of the
emigranta, and alao aeaiated the paaaengera on many occaaioua.
11 ia uuderalo id that the greater part of them are immediately
to be ahipped off iu a veaacl to be chartered for New Orleaua.
Should the priaent favorable weather prevail, a great part of
the caigo may be aaved. It couaiata uf winea, ailka, aud other
valuable gooila,
Spoken.
Nov 2*. lat 18 10 S.loa 28 10 W. llrrada, 44 day* from 8aleaa,
for Bomb?y; Dec 26tli, lat 30 N, Ion 68 2 W, Gleaner, of
Salem, 40 day a Irom t'crto Rico, had been blown oft the roaat
threa tiniee, waa aliorl of provision*, and wiahed to be reported;
29lh. lat 34 N, Ion 72 IS, Norman, l'ra t, 3 day a from .New
York, for Ht Domingo
Ycukee, from KichmoLd far Havana, Dec 27th, in lat 38,
Ion 74.
Joliu Kudera. Maao-r. 36lioura fin NYork fur St Cathariaea,
Dec 31. lat 39 43, Ion 70 46.
A brig ehowiug a whiteaignal with blackball mit,atanding
SW, Dee 2, lat 12 14 S, lou 32 66 W.
foreign Porta.
Oonan vi, Dec 11?In port, Kverlon, Mayo, for NYork, an;
Hope, da 8ih.
M v?<a"iilla, Dec II?No American vi aarl in port.
Bia UaaMSK. Oct 30-Iu port, Navarino,for Opoito, nearly
I loaded?aaptank.
K i vukToi, J a, Dec 15?eld Cornelia. Mobile. 11 th?Arr
Cornelia, Fieuch, New York, bound for N Orleaua. 8th?Arr
Jaue. N Ol leana.
n...-. ii? i q_ a-- m-- - Will ? ti -1.:?? ui.i */_i...
co. Boston; Lauet, Krusc. New York, 20th?Arr Oglethorpe,
Savannah. Sid Auitrici, Boston. 23d? Arr Ly dia, Portland;
Frankl u, Newport. 23d?Arr Tiger, Havre; Neptune, Amitrr<*iin),
Cernien, Bordeaux; Lydia. Portland; I) Alustel,
Amsterdam; Kiaukltu. Newport\ luvicto. Hamburg.
Bkkml'Da. Dec 14? Entered, Falcon, lift. New York and
ll?lifa\. l i?e achr Sally K> uis, from New \ 01 k, took a West
Knd pilot on Sunday evening Usl, but in consequence of tiie
lightness of thi wind all yesterday, sue oil uot get into port
!.< r r? we wont to press. Theehti Fraakhi. Great, (Mors
K*-iwtrt?d) from New Orleans, lor Li^eipool, w ith a cargo of
ottun and too^cce, auchoicd in Five FathmiHole on Wednesday
last, in distress, having injured rudder, sails, 8t,c. in
heavy weather, in lat 39 N, lou oH \v, leu days previously,
United Htaiss fortaBoston,
Jan 7?Air Bustouian, Mobile; Utardo, Natchti;
Clar s3h. Bait; Drustlla, Mansainlla; J ines, Auk Cay??; Oriole.
VVudhiuutoii NC; Horner, N York,40 hours. Telegraphed,
Delaware. Ini Flu la. Signal for2 barks, one supposed to be the
Prompt,fm Bait. Cld iiualce. BtJago; H ltov.Havana; Ytntrosa,
Trinidad; Thetis, Buenos Ay res; I ape Fear,Bar ^nnh;
A Lawn nee, Meeker, NVork; Abie? I, Wiscussrt. Air 6th, 1
Palmyra, N Oil us; Chief, It io Grauue, Effort, Teneriffe; New '
England. Mobil ; Bethel, Curecoa; Josh Brown, Au\ wayea;
Fri' nd, Lovell. N York?cuine out of i'roviiu eto a n with .vlnry
Cole fin Mobile lor B"*tou,and the res* of the fleet. Ashore ]
oi the poiut of Gallop's Island, Forest, of New kurypert, from I
Ponct .
Pmovn?t!*i e. Jan 6?Arr (hepre. Mobile; Jaines Lanph"er,
Keiiuey. New York; Moses Eddy. Lliveu.do Sid Post Boy, I
Gray, N York Below? D-siel Webster, New York.
Philadelphia, Jan, 8?Arr Amelia, f'ertjambuco. Left
Dec. 10. Navarre, I ruin aid for I hilad,, disr hg, to * 11 S'?ou;,
Col. Howard, froin Baltimore, tosa'l 15ih for JKio Janeiro;
Ariel, for PhilftdL, to sail on the 12th lloscius, from Valparaiko,
for Boston. touched hue "ii the 50? Dec, and sailed on the
6th, via Holmes' Hole, with the follow ing p ssengers? Lieut.
Bleecker. G 8 Navy, slid#. Portef. do.Capt Henry Merchant,
of Kdgartowu; Capt Simons, of Brattieboro, Vt. Spoke on
the Is inst, lat 34 46. Ion 71 35, Susan and Jane, ol and fm Port,
laud, for Havre; Belle. New Fork. Below? J Ik W JLiickson,
a??J a topsail schooner unknown.
Ni.w Bedford, Jau 5-Arr E incline, Norfolk; Louisiana,
1 Baltimore.
is a rat: l itv t ovk. dec 3'?Arr Sarah 8t Ls the r, from Edgartewu
I ?r New H??'laud, Ian 1st, Barbtry, Atkins, from New
York.C-rSl John's; Cuariotine, do, for Halifax; Endeavor,
Weeks. K lgartown, tor Ntvv York; 4th, parsed down Sound,
Eveline, lor Nantucket; 5th, si J Sarah & Esther, and Kudt a
i Tor*
Nantucket, Jan 1?Arr Cony. Brown, N Vnrk.
Provincatown, Jau 2? Arr James,of'.Marblehead, from Aux
1 Cay for Boston, wi h loss of foresail.
SiLtM, Jau 5 ?Sid North Carolina, from fhiladelphia, Hitig- I
ham.
? Purti.%ni>, Jan 6?CM, Cybele and Exchange, Cuba. SI I, j
r Gt ? >k? fi-ld, Aj alachic-da; l a j in. Portsmouth; Clio, Cuba
t haki baton, .J*n 3?Arr Yorkshire Stockton, Eng?3d No?
,ti) IsalHispnui ihi i of the foremast
complied toliuis i it withspirs; hiker,Newcastle, ?'ng?19th
ult passed ati American m hr in lat 25 51 N, lou 03 \V,ih"Wed
asigml with letter A; Ohili. Havana; Panama, Miller, New
? York, 12 dk>l? The Panama has experienced he-vy gales of
wind from all potula of the compass, was driven acr si H e
f gull twice, split sails, and sustained other diin-gt; (Jen (.'all
I Port I.eon, K?,via Key West?1The Liwretice, for Port Leon,
y had passed Key West. ,o d t .e J D Morris d", for New York.
2d?Arr liscine (Kr), Martinique; Vesper, Bermuda; Oeorg? |
Henry. Sedge wick. Me; Via la. Provnlence. 1st?ArrCous- I
brook ' Br). Belfast; Cami'la, Watlington. New York; James I
PerkiDi. 1 .iver,.o .l; Kin raid, do; ( hristonhe ColombfFr). !
< tuad ilo'i ti nil i ''I, I: i.l .1. V'Ctorine f Er). Ui-rdean?; M
t Joy. Krmik'i-ri Mf; ' ?lmus, Apalachii < ' c. ( M lulu I i.l.
Havie. Sid H Allen, .St* York; Bet y, Rotterdam; Volnl, |
Havre, Ashley, New York; Sullivau d >.
i A r?L4cm< oi.i, Ifcr ij? Arr Illinois. Everleigh, New York;
W H Tilrrnn. N Orleans.
I'rnu 'i.i, Dee 2J?Arr L?ou dan Il v na; Alford, Portland;
Richmond,Tampa Bay. Sid Pruxy. Havana
MoaiLt, llirjl-Cld .Nor h Am' iica. Havre. AirAI l)cnnn.
P at, New York Vra-els 10 i">n?Sim* J.m i 'iw, Liverpool;
'I albot, do; Ueniare, d ; rowliitUu, do; Portam ntli,
(I 1, Br) Arno,Glasgow, ( iei.n 1. Ilat re; 1 0IU111 I 1 liter, do;
Waverly, New Yolk; Ewina. ! . ,Nr? \ rk, friighl, 11? 3arth.ilVeeimmt,
<1 : V<uire,.|o; Splendid, no A abama,
0; Ali.tai.der. Al?bainian,oo; William Iii.ddaru,do; Bir- '
Ini aghaan. In; Robert Isaac,do; Isaac kcwlou.do; Athens.die- \
charging; Plymouth,do; * I tin inli.a.do; ' ahaa 1. do (Or) '
Columb 1 .do Baiqurs (Br) liiake, Liverpool; " elliin,
do; (Br) Je-eic. do; (Bi) Lanark, do; (Br) Laut' r. Glasgow;
Dd'Orlra a. M irselh a, Reform, Nt* V rk, W1 kJtmei, j
Providence J-fcn (Clin discharging, *bbeB*ko do; s.ilrm.
do , Vitgu la. do; Science. Beat. r. 1 baniea, Oulnare, Tartar,
Lucretii Brig", Homer, B emu; ( errs.do; Canton, do; (lorn
mere*, Providence, (Jeoegia, < harleatnn; Pinneer. disrharging;
Mobil', do; Patriot, do. 2Kb?Cld Kloridian, Pratt, New
York; Doctrine,Liverpool; Abbott Lord do. Arr Norman,
Boston; 1'ei; tot. Warren. H I.
Nrw Oai.?', Dec S8? Cld Rusai t; Cadiz; Haanrer, I.i
verpool. Arr Moslem French, New York; Yazoo, Cornell,
to; Eranhoe. Lacuajra; Echo, Kirgvton: Arabian. Cliarbaton.
27th?i Id II una'. Sprague. Natchez; Virginia, Liverpool;
Arkausse Dennis, New vork, Orando, Nichola, do.
PORTirnrK-SK FEMALE PILLS.
THF.SE far-famed -anti c>lebrated pills, from Portugal, are
we perceive, to be obtained iu Inia country Bee advertisement
011 (he laal tolumnof fourth ; ag". il29 lin'ir
\ DJ01 RNi D 1 AULWELL MISSIONARY MEETa
1 IX).?The miat'onariea, Her. S. Chise He*. John ()
Pingree. R?v Geo S Brown, and Mrs. Wilkins. being about to
til for Liberia, in Africa, a farewell missionary meeti?g will j
be held in the Methodist Episcopal Church, in Forsyth alreet,
oa Mnaday rvi ni .g, 10th in?l . cnip-neiiciog at 7 i rlnrk . Ad I
dr-ssee appropriate to the nccaaion insy be >ip?etrd from I
each of the ibote natm d brethren. Mfi Wilkiue 11 alau nreeled
to ad lre?e Hie meeting, A collection will be taken ui
in aid of the Missionary cause Alter which the charge to the
missionaries will he delivered by the Corresponding Secretary
of the Missionary Society of the M. E. Church
H BANOS.
jilt* Chairman Cam. of Arrangements
APARB.-l he undersigned beglrave 111 th'S public manner
to present their thank* to the President and officers af the
Housatonic Railroad Company, for their courteous end gentlemanly
treatment, in affording to them erery facility oa
rearhmg Bridgpnrl, after riding eight hours in open sleighs,
suffering from the severity of the weather, and refunding to
them the eitra etpense to which ihry ware subjected in rouse*
ouance of being detained se?cn hours b> In Albany and Boston
Ilsilroad, at the depot at Oreenhneli, which comiell- d
thein to hire e?(r?s st Chatham, to reach the earn at N rth
Canaan, which inn in connection wbh the steamboat at Bridgp'irt
for New Y.rrk. v
John S. Wro 'ward. New York
Cnarle* Taylor. New Ycrh.
H w Spencer, New York.
Jo! n R. Taylor, Albany
pre Nir Ch.ice, Philad-I; hia.
F Stall'id'ark, Buffalo.
P. J. Smith, Buffalo.
January SIh, 18(9 g
MERC\N PILE I.l RR \K V AHHOt l \1 lON -ThS
members of the Mercantile Library Aseori .rjon friendly te
the Indepeii lei t Liberal ' icket, headed Jo n T. Hrllms I f
I real lent, an l H-uf f tt. Trail f#r Vic. Parsi I ' tee r? pi?s?. 1)
to rre. t at J m's Se c n I V.'ar J Hole'. ?,u Mondwy oil, tl.s
U. in?' itto'cl ?2t "VM
AMllM lalM.
0T THOMAS BELL.
I Store t Nui.ti Ann und lit f\Ulorutr??U.\
TUTSUAT
Sale nfdry gnade. fancy article#, jcv dry, clothing, plidgtd
good#, hardware. gun#. fcr.
Alio, SO doz w lur, SO 000 arga#a. millinery. kc, kc.
WEDNESDAY.
At 10| o'clock, iu <lie Sa'ca Room*.
SpleudiJ Furniture?Coir, pruiag the mual homelier king
arlo lea, from t w? bundle# gi t ing up houaehecking.
Alio, the at ck of a cabinet maker.
SIXTY MILES LESS TRAVEL THAN BY
A\Y OTHER ROUTE.
aMf) sat THE MOST EXPKIHTIOUS route
&r^h^TO ALBANY, via BKIUtiKi'OKT-Kare
it.so
The ateamooat CRO I ON or the NIMROt). Iravei Catharine
Market slip, Kail Hirer aide, fur Bridgeport, every morning
eacept Sunday, at 7 o'clock. From Bridgeport, pt?#e?grr#
will lie forwarded by the Hniiaatomr Railroad to Writ t'uintan.
(73 mile#) to lodge, thence to Chatham (07 tnil##) by
?tage. and Ounce to Albany ('to inilea) by Albany ami Boston
Railroad, arming at 11 o clock. A M.
The. Railroad rare arc well w?rmrd by itove#
_Fur paasnge or freight apply on board of the boat oral (he
York House, No. 5 Conrtfaudt atrtet, where ticket# can be
procured. _____ Js'ni
Villi Y IMi't "RIANT.
.MWt j&\ HUKI.HUKT k CO.'S NEW YORK
,-4'AND SPRINGFIELD PACKAGE EXTT
I irTjr PRESS, via. New Haven aud Hart fold .
Office 7 Wall etreet, New York; 31 State itreet, H rtfnid
The subscribers will run a Package Car. uudrrtheeare of an
agent, by the ateamboat train, for the conveyance of package*
of every description, holes, bundles sample gooda, hank notea.
specie, kc.; psckagr* will alao b? received at the offi-e 7 Wa I
street, New Xork, and furwaided to Norwich, Worceater,
Boa ton, Hartford, New Haven, Springfield, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
Waahiugtou, Salem, Lowell, I'ortemoiith and Port
land, Holloweli, Augusta, IJ.tngor,and all the principal eaaleni
citiea and tow us.
Ex ares*. Largepackages will be called lor, if notice be left at
the office.
Particular attention will be paid to collecting and paying
draiti, notes and bills, jurchas.ng goods on all the above named
place*.
Hurl hurt & Co. or their agent, will constantly accompany,
and hare the exclusive care and iua loily of their package cars,
and will be responsible for tlie good* carried in, or destined
for it, by lo?s by fire,and peril ol the a*a excepted.
A.MOS SMITH, Proprietor,
7 Wall street, New Vork.
J. HURL BURT,
24 Stale street. Hartford, ft.
J. HUKI.HURT.
jS AMOH SMITH.
?Si*>r> DAILY LINE TO A l.itAN t ANu lllls
TON.?Through New Havcu, Hartford anil
3L_jaL^-Sprmctirld
Passenger* may leave New York by steamera NEW YORK
and KOSCIUSKO dvily, from Peck slip, at 7 A. M.. arrive
at New Ha>eu st halt past 12; thence by railroad to Hartford,
and arrive at about 3 P. M . where stages are in readiness to
take tliem to Spr'tigfield, and arrive at about 7 I*. M to lodge.
Leave Springfield at 7 A. M., by railroad lor Bo?touor Albany
and arrive at either destination at noon.
Returning by same conveyance, leave Albany or Boston at 7
A M .lodge at Hartford,and arrixe at New York oetween 3
and 3 P. M. following day.
Travellers are assured that this line will be continued without
interruption through the season, and the proprietors will
use i heir utmost exertion to make the route the most comfortable
and pleasant of any for the winter. d3l 4w*
FOR INKWj ORLEANS?Louisiana and-New
kJHMrVYork Line?Positively First Regular Packet?To
JHMMkLisail Monday at 3 PM.?The splendid and fast sailing
pacaei slop LOUISA, Capt MuHoid. will positively sail as
above, her regular day. For freight or passage, having siden
didly furnished accommodations, apply on, board at Orlraus
wharf, foot of Wall street, orto E. K. COLLINS Si Co.
54 Soutli street.
Paesengers will please be on board, at Orleans wharf, foot of
Wall i'rert, on Monday, 10th inst at 3. o'clock, when tie
Steamboat Heicules will take the Bhip to sea.
O'e.it care will be taken to have lite good* by this line corlertly
measured.
Agent in New Orients, Jas E Woodruff, who will promptly
forward all good* to his address.
The parked ship LOUISVIl.LF., Captain H. Hunt, will sneered
the Louisa. and sail the giiih mat., her regular day |9
arrfk- NEW LINE OF LIVERPOOL PXTTETSTeTHk
Regular packet of thelUlb Jan.?The splendid packet
jkCfl&ship SOUTH ERNEK, Capt. A. S. Palmer, will sail
as above, her rrgular day.
The ship* ol this line are all loot) ton* burthen and over,
and then accommodations for cabin, second cabin, and steerage
gassengers.it is well known are superior to any other line of
packets. Persons desirous of securing bevths, should not fail
to make early application to
W. (k J. T. TAPSCOTT, 49 South street,
corner Uouvemcur lane, or 43 Prck slip.
Persona desirous of sending f ir their friends can have them
nrougni out uy una invuriie aniti, or any mcr line, moling
from Liverpool wrrkly and on favorable Wm?. Draft* for
any amount, payable ou the National and I'lovinrisil Banks of
Ireland and their Branrkri; ou Mraara. James Brelt-Son Si Co.
Bankers, I.oudon; Exchange 'and Discount Bank, Liverpool:
which are payable in all the principal town* of the United
Kitndo-n; can be had by applying at Tapucott'a General Baa
sage Office, 49 South street. j7
attar PAHSAOE PGR LONDON.-Packet loth JanurVjWW
ary ?Ti.e splendid fast iaillng |>acket shin MONAtitil6eTKlt.AL,Oapt.
Tinker, sails positively as above, her
regular day.
This ship has splendid accommodations for cabin, second
cabiu and steerage passengers, For passage, early application
should be made to
W. St J. T. TAPBCOTT, 49 South street.
j7 ?r 43 Peck slip.
PASSAGE "FOR NKW ORLEANS.?Only
wjpfnrV Regular Line?The splendid, well known fast sailing
jpMfarwpacket ship LOUISA, Capt. Mulford. tails positively
ou loth January, her regular day.
The slops of this Line sail everv five days, or passage free.
Having superior accommodations for cabin, sreoud cabin and
steerage passen. era, at the lnwest rales. For PMKige,early
applicatn n should be made ou board, at Murray's Wharf, foot
of Wall street,or to W. St J T. TAP8COTT,
j7 44 South alrort. or 43 Prrk Slip.
' ? A-at- b1118 T PACKb'T 8U1P holt I.uNDON?To
AjctV oil on thr loth inst ?The snnerior fas I sailing packet
^MMbshtp MONTREAL, Capt. '1 tukcr, a ill sail positive|y
as above, her regular day; can arcominodate seroiid cabw
and steerage passengers in a comfortable manner, if early ap
pHcItiol is made ou boiril the slop, at the foot of Pine si ret t
or to
jfi JOHN HF.RDMAN, 81 South st.
"4#^ PASSAGE FOR HA V ANN AH.?First I'ackgJSfflV
et.?The splendid packet brig EXACT. Captain
"I'r'^nrL in-?" nils positively tuibove
This vrssel has splendid a' com modal ions for cabin, second
cabin au I htecrage passengets. For passage, early applies
tion should be made to
W. Sc J. T. TATSCOTT, 49 South street.
_j8 40
FOR MOBILE, The splendid packet shiptAjwVGRKAT
BKIT A IN, Capt Trout, will he drspatch??%SlCsr.l
lor Moliill on 'J'in xlay. nth mat.
Sli" has unsurpassed accommodations for cabin. 2nd rabm
and steerage passengers who w 11 be taken at the lowest rates.
Apply on board the ship, at Pine street wharl, or to
W. St J. T. T A PS I OPT, 49 South street,
j6 or 43 Peek slip.
PACKET* FOR HAVRE.?Second Line.?TV
new ship ST. NH OLA8, J. B. Pell, master, wit
ail on the 1st of February.
liOVL) k HINrKEN. Agents,
i 6 Ho. 9 Tontine Building
VtA FOR SALE.-The si >ck?nd fixtures of ttie oyster
Hlfr and rating saloon 316 Broadway, the basement of the
JUli?Lf t hir H ul. together with four yr in unexpired term of
the lease from th? first of May next hsaloon beinn one of
| h? Lent locutions in Bruadwuv ami now doing an excellent
business and will be sold st u bargain, a* the pieseot owner is
I so situatedI that he rauuot aitrnu to it. For particular* and
terms inquire on the premises or to SAMUEL DAYTON* i
Kuiton fi?h m tnet. jl0 2wNR
| TO I.F.T.?To oim-4 utlemeii or to i nodi
ina and his wife, a furnished room, with or withouti
at '.'iL--parlor, and a privilege m kitchen. Apply 93 Whitest
jfW
TO LET?1Two comfortable Offices in store No 61
,* South street, and ionnedl ite possession given, by Mpply*
a+SAsking to JOHN HEKI>SlAN mi the premi*> *
A Is * , < i t ! i i it tli'.n .4 ??.-.%? . j-,
Er..-l:)h.MK WAN IKD-Wanted
It? to h'1"'*' on or before th? 1st of April tut', a count rv re*
ea*lH sidence. situated withiu 70 miles of New York, with a
farm of from 20 to HOarref attached One rumuiuudiug s
water new preferred. Address A. L. Yf . per mail, at New
Rochelle, Westchester County, (post office) Si. Y.,giving a
description of the premises j6 2w
f% THREE DOLLAR HATS! FHMER DOLLAR
f^HATH !?Just finished, th?- most splendid article erer offered
to the public. Elegant short mt mob *'<in Hats at the
i low once of Also an article at f2 *>0, iqual iu dtirabil ty
and lustre to those commonly sold at $3
lis I in' 1! KM W \ f'r I H.r J 1 c, 1 .,^,1 ??
cl DOG LOST-FIVE DOLLARS REWARD?
Y/*C| Lost, last w#ek, from No. 119 Liberty street, a small
1 J\ Jj female Hlhuu I. of the Kiti^ Charles1* bre?d. hnvirg
I white hair, bright yellow ears, and a star Of the same color
1 thr head and a large chestuut brown spot near the tail,
w m h u ttry bushy She answers to the name of Cora
Yv'hoever ahall return ?aii dog to the above named (dace,
hall rrceive the abov e reward, w ith the thank* of the owner.
Jt It*
r? TEW DOLLARS REWARD -Lout or ?lolen,
vf^vl on afternoon. 3 I January, a white female
J) TV ball tirri pa , with i b kck Hojr roaod her left ?j e.
an I a black [ >nt on htr baek, ati*w?-rii to the name of Vic.
Whomever w ill return her to No, 64 Wr,t 14th ?trfet will
receive the above reward. j6 2t*
eft FOR SALK CHEAP?A fimt rate hay Horn,
ilSTWn list and a very defliratd** family Hor?e. with
\ j7 VWagon acd H irnejia, to be gold very cheap. To be
aero at rowehg itUbles, 437 Houaton itreet, near Broadway .
Hit
RAILROAD COMPAftY.-Riftoetith Ward wake ?,rThe
citizens of the 1 Ith Ward are e*rne*t|v invited to attend
a public meeting at ( r nvitu'iou Hall, 650 Broadway, vu
( Monday event g, lOtn inat,, at half past T oxiick, for ttio ; . r
l> ae of taking proper me* mi re* to aecure the iipeedy complej
tion of the New York and trie Railroad.
Noah Cook, )
T 8. McCirty, |
J >hn Ward, I
David Bank*, |
I < ah h Bartlett, |
Barnet Amea. j
k).Graham. Jr j?#-Mmn
Ttjrlor. ^tominnUt.
P O Stuyrenant,
Wm. Whitlemorf)
Prall.
P. M. Wrtmore.
II fi. S'ebhiii*.
Ullm Tucker. J i*
\*MV \<>KK AMI I HI- KAII.HOAD MKKTINO ?
IN The eilitrnt of the li Ward are eanieallj' rnpirit.d to
tteod public nieeli.'* it Hie Howard Home, com- r nf ||o?.
ar t etrret ?nd Hrondwafi on I ue?d?y tTmitig, 11th inet., at
half p.at T o'clock. f"C I he puri oee of adopting ineaeiirm to ?tI
cure the epeedyeompletim of the New York and Krie lUil
R (' Wtlmore. 1
J Tyle Brijcham,
Rami Hajmonl,
Robert Taylor,
Rami Kir,
John M. (Ion r lie. [r,_jUt?
n T.Keiatad, f Coma.UUe.
W, K llivtriatyrr, I
W m W. Tadd.
A Maclay, M. D., |
Aid I) V aiiderTcrt, I
M. O. Roberia, j ja
'I'O THK PUBI.H -UKJC UOATR-- I ha uw>i?tgw.1
bog a laare rrai eelfuli) to luritc the attention of eea captain*.
marehanta, ami all oil,era interested in thi natiga.ion of
boils and Tftirla, to liia newly inrantt'l life beat.
Tneae l.ife Boeta are mule upon an u'trely dilfereritjirinrilile
from tboaa now in ti.ee, they an- warranted to be eaery
way adapted to Ilia pnr|>oeee for win h ibey are deeiyned, ai d
can ba furoiahad for ac arly ane h If the etyeaae ol'whiat in
termed "Fratieia' Life Boat."
Thaee far liny in"reated on thie eubject, arc niTitnl to rail
at the eatabliehmeiit of the U', le ,\o, 4M Water afreet,
and aaamine for tliemaelaea
< 'MNOLLR L INOKRSOLL.
Th?ra laoee row build ny. wSir'i ihe public are intn-Jte
eiamine aa lha wnrtt prrg-t - je |w
UfANTKit?laaraei leieiy, a ttiree. to 'alte eara ot two amall
children Nine a> e<i aptly wtthout good nf-rencea,
A'ldree" boa ana low r " *' oilier. la at*
>T OTIt K.-H. K I.K MK.NT. r i.lunr torn ?rlj w ith I ibii l),
I Millar, at I ?ii?).a><rte ai boM tl-in. >1'ntC'imerv outf
Ir, NewYorb.ta rtsweated by bit family, at Raxbury. near
I eion, to inform ib of hi? preernf iilarr of reaxlr nco, ad
lryhetel.ee* > ?' it' new? frmn him for ? ratal Vieia.
H.e-?,we
' ? ?11'~ - JL *
I laiMDUMI.
PARK THKATMK.
MONDAY EVENING, Jan. iu?The perlurnitnca will c-?min.
in ?.t!i
WHAT WILL THK. WORLD SA 8
Lord Nerwiw1 Barry | Layt Tarrad ddle Placnla
Marian Mayli y Mm Luahinau
B' *e??l? Pil ?o caul*? Gallery 21 tenu.
I loom .?i?en at [ erfnrmauce roinmeiirri at 7 o'clock
CHATHAM THK M M K
MONDAY EVENING, Jan. I?The performance! will com'
menc- wilh
THE KNIGHT OK THE GOLDEN KLEE<
Sy Syr > Hill j De I.una Kirby
Benedict i Mr? Thorna
A ftrr which.
A WIVE EOM A DAV.
Nathan Turhrr Hill | Morti u Mettayer
Augeli'iue Mr? Thorue
Toconclude with
SIGNET KING.
Ztnoclri Thome | Seliia . Kirby
Helena Mri Lew la
oiea tacenta :td and Id tierilf, Tit lit lUailery I St
r><w?renp?D at li: Ourtain riaei at 1\ preciaely
HITCHBLL'8 OLVMPIL TIIKATR*
MONDAY EVENING. Jan. 10?The[xrfnrmaacHwiU tone
Man with
1049.
C'nimmlei Mitchell I Eaney MnTimn
To be followed hv
HAMLET TRAVESTIK.
Hamlel Muehell | Oarick Vila Singleton
Aftar which.
THE HAPI'Y MAN.
To co'iclude with
THE QREEN'S OWN.
Capt Suminereile Hornraatle I William flilliu^a Graham
Laurella Mine Sineletmi
Admission?Dress circle SOcents. Upper boles -it tent*. h'
LSI rente. Private bosrs fit.
n.,,,rs open at naU nail ?n. I orlaiti rises at aeven
BOW KM. Y AMHIIITHEATHK.
Xo :f7 RotPtrv,
GREAT SUCCESS or MR. TURNER.
MONDAY EVENING, Jau. 10?The performance will coacommrnrr
with a u rand mitre* , entitled
TOURNAMENT ENTREE.
Feat# of Horsemanship by T V Turner
Negro danc'.ng by the unrivalled Matter Diamond.
Mr Sand* will introduce an iin^iiuc Kijuettriau Act.
Vaiilingby the whole company
Master River#', whose wonderful perform meet defy dee*
criptioo. j
Horsemanship by Mr Riicktey.
Comic Song by Mr Booth.
The celebrated Rivers Kamily go through their much admired
feat* of Gymnasia.
To rnnrlude with
THK COBBLER OK BAGDAD.
During the evrumg a variety of otLer eutertainmeiH*
Doors open at 6|?|*erlormance cnintnenre* at 7.
Blurt 50 rente Pit i5 eel is.
Th* animals brlongii g to the Zoological Institute, will be
opeu for eihibitinii during the holidays. Entrance No. 17, in
Cnrystie-st. Admieaion IS c?nts.
NKW ARCADIAN OARUB1,
Xo- 255 Blerrkrr tireet
(Under the direction of Mr. II. ROCKWELL I
THIS EVENING, Jan. 3?The entertainment* will corn
ineuce with a grand
WALTZ AND STAR ENTREE!
Led by Mrs. Gullin mid H. Rockwell.
POLISH BROTHERS, bv Mr Risley and kis San.
ACT OK HORSEMANSHIP, by Master Slepheiw.
Comic Song, Mr. l'.G. Booth: Juggling, Plate Spinning, Bsc.,
by Mr C. Sands.
Kasbionahle Monstrosities, by Mr. O Sand*
The Goddess Diana,by Mr (J. Stone.
Negro Melodies, by Billy Whitlock and his Baiiia.
(-)le Wirgiuuy Breakdowns,by Master Diamoiol.
Grand Ethiopian Tiio, by Master Diamond, Whitlock, and
T. G. Booth.
The Amazonian Maid, by Mrs Oullin.
Mr St*>ne will appear in the character of an Indian Hunter.
Th* whole to conclude with a Laughable Alterpicce.
Door* open at a quarter past 6; performance to commence
at 7. Bosrs 80 cents; pil 88 cents.
AMKK1CAN MUSKUM,
Corner liroadicay ami Ann street.
Manager and Director, Mr. P. T. Barnum.
The manager lias pleasure in announcing that he has e fleeted
an engagt meut with the celebrated aud accomplished danseuse
iMissM C Williams, favorably kuowu throughout the United
States aud Cacadas, as La Petite Celeste.
A large company of Indian Warriors and their Squaws, will
exhibit their uuapprnac><able and extraordinary pantomimic
representation of the MUKDEll OK MISS McURKA.
They will also go through a variety of terrific performances.
Alio with Mr JENKINS the celebrated tenor siuger and
delinrator of Yankee eccentriciiies. And likewise Willi the
.mowed AI.RINrt I.ADV
Mignor Niarruilte will rihibit the wonderful end beautiful
ITALIAN FANTOCCINI.
The splendid COSMORAMA wae entirely thai ged on tlie
let of January, aud will l>? changed regularly ou the lu.tot
every mouth.
Principals of Schools and their pupils admitted ou libtral
lerms.
Admittance to thef Museum and all the entertainments. SI
tents. Children under 10 years of age half price. j?
MUSIC.
MESSRS. SCHNEIDER St KEBHUN, director*
of the well known German Baud, beg leave to inform
the fashionable ninety of Nrw Vork, and its vicinity, that
their Jul) and effective Band, coueistiug of twenty insti-umcntal
performers, is now ready to attend private iiartiee, soirees,
kc. They have all the latest and most popular Waltzee, Cotillions
and Galons of the celebrated composers, Leaner,
Strauss and Labitiby, and will attend either witli two instntmeuls.via:
Violin and ri?nnforts, or any number that may be
required. All tavors will be promptly attended to by apply
iiig at Mr. FK ANTZKEE'S b ur Store, 8(9 Broadway, when
Ladies and Gentlemen air refueeted to inspect the most splen
did assortment of Furs, Skins, Caps and Robes, ever offered
in the city of New York. <>25 Irais*
MUSIC.
MESSRS O. WEISS k GKAHM, member* of the Ger
inau .Musical Society, beg leave to inform tlie fashion
able secicty of New York and its vicinity that they havs
formed a full and effective hand of instrumental Performers.of
twenty in number, if required They have all the faehiouablt
new Walzes, Galops, and Cotillions of the celrbrated cum poser*
. Strauss, Lsnner, Labilzky, Musard and other eminent
professors. aud hold themselves in readiness to attend private
parties, soirees, he They will attend with two instruments,
violin ?i.d pianoforte, and anv additional aiiinber'tha! mar ha
required. f' lvom will be promptly atteuJed ta by anpl yiuc It
the music atore No. 41S4 Broailw ?y,and at theirreiidtDcesVo.
<n Oelsiiry .trcct. _ jl im
Nr. W \ OH K r>A? Ht.l> MUftlt; KUClfcTV.?The Oratoria
of DAVID AND OOLIATH, composed by the
Chevklitr N'rMkomin expressly for Mr. Biaham.rud adapted
rxpnssly to hiaatyla and mice, (Mr. Br* bam us Duvid) wit
be perfurintduu Tie sdsy evening, Jan. II, at the Tabernacle.
I'HanacTKKi Iti i'uvn ur t d.
Sister of David Mrs Strong
Mir.al, daughter of Saul Mis* lVaraon
David Mr IS ml urn
(ioliatli Mr A Kjle
Saul Mr J S Maaaatt
Jonathan Mr It Munsou
High Client Mr W D Coined
Messenger A Member
Cborne of Bin phrrds. Warrior*, 1 evilea?male and lemalc
alien airs?by ;ni'uilers of the Society,
LeaCtr and Co.utuc or Mr U C Hill
Oraa iiat Mr Hivnaon
The orchestra will be laige, consisting of violin., violas,
double bane*, violincrlloe, horns, tioinboDea, dariouetta,
llui'S, clem, bassoons. trumpets, opiiecleides, harp, cj tubals,
t.biuese gong, double driiini. Uc he.
Ticket* tl tach, to be bad at the rrusic stores, at the book
atore of I) ij ton Ik Sat too, rorner of b'ulton and Nassau, Hale's
News I too in Well street, of i be Seerelary of the Society, and
at the door, on the evening of performance, where also books of
tin Wolds wi I be for sale.
Members and subscribers will recei e their tickets by applyli
g to J A Spaiks. Secietary, III Nassiu street, where per oris
w isbli g to become members O'iuUsonbers may apply.
Doors will be opeued at 6 o'clock, and the perforinaiiee wUI
coninienre at lull past 7 precisely js II*
PAt KBT Sllll' HI S I SV II,I,K, KilOM Nk\V ()Ra
LEA Nfl, i? discharging at Or leant wharf, foo* of Wall it.
Consignees will please attend to the receipt of their good* im
mediately. J|
O 11 v > I* b U Tt-It MIS?Attention? 1 he Shop butcher* oftKs
City of New York generally, arc requested to attend a
Meeting of the Independent Shop liutch*rs Aktfociatiou. ou
Tu i4i] erenioiaJioaary llibt itnilf putNYM n'elou*
The Me mbers o| the Association are specially requested to
attend on busiuess of importance.
bv order of
j8 3t* \VM. SEA RLE. President.
SjEOAKH?SI'ANInH HOUSE?A DEMOt RATH' fc
ARISTOCRATIC DELlOHTFUL TREAT.?In order
to correspond to the popularity that has already acquired
the Bpauith House, No. lug Nassau street,(theprofiiory depot.
till n* it may or before) through the liberal patronage re
ceivtd fiom the < iti/' im of New \ irk and its vicinity.and the
cheapness and superiorouality of the Srgar. it w ill be told at
5 per cent profit, the follow ug iin; orted Havana aud f'riucipe
feegars
ooo prime La Norma,
12 00# secoud do.
25,000 first rate Java Pnncipes,
fit f very mild i . Da r N i tfi 1
80,000 Agoilxa, the brand contracted by the King of the
French lor the c nsumttios of his d- *r people.
The same will also be retailed by the bunch of 25 Began), at
the w holesalr price.
V? ry old importr d Havana, to be ret tiled at 2i 6d. the
bunch, cout tning25 uncommonly good Segiri.
The Patent Hrg.?m. always in vogue. jQ |w"
PATHOLOGY OF DKL'NK KNMH8.-A sclent it r L< "
lure on thin subject. illustrated by a splendid trnu**i? wen
cr of Dr. Hew til's rngravings, showing lite effects of Air -h d
on lM human stomach. w ?ll be delivered by Dr.W. K . Bn-wii,
rncsutly from r! Schools of Pans, at Clinton Hall. Monday
brewing, half i ??t 7. Jan. 10 Admittance rente. Ladies
and gentlemen are invited to att' ud. jfl 2t*
VI KCH KNit- ft' I NSTlTL TK. LF.CTl UK, ?On M outlay
lV 1 rrrninf, J u nary 10. at the New York Society Libr-.r, ,
by Charles il. IK-lavan, Km| on Temperance, commencing .it
I o'clock Tickets, admitting a lady and gentleman.! teati,
to be bad at the toilowing narnrd places : Clinton Hall book
s'ore, comer of Beekman ami Nassau; John H Taylor, Brick
Church, Chappie street; Pattinsoii, corner of Nassau and Ann
streets; Kiehaege Lyceum .corner of Broadway and Leonard
streets4 arid at t Fie door of Temj eraiicc Hall, corner of White
and Centre sis j H at*
MH W.M. M Kr.i/".K respect lull y informs h is friends
and the public that be hi* return* d to this city, w hirh he
intends to n ke his future rtsidenet and will be happy t?> take
pupils for tbe Vioii i and Piano Korte. Terms moderate Address
14 Hub* rt street ' h '* Square. lw*
W HITWKLL S OfOTiF'.LD' >C, which IS considered by
tbe first Physicians in the U. S. to be the rery bfft con
positiou in existence for Ri eiuaatisin, Sprains, Chilblains,
Chopped Hands,,Cramp, Numbness. Weakness af Liu t>s,et?.
N B It is three tiu.es the strength of any other kind. Bs
sure aud ask for Whitwell's Opods dor, and receive, so oteer
unless yew wish to prove the truth of the remark that
14 Pleasure is a* *i? ?t
Of bei;it; cheated as to cheat.
QfH Pnre 25 cents.
Sold at WI. .|e?. ile <nd Retail by A.B Sl D. Sands, Drug
gists No. 7? ?ud luu F ulton ' rset ; David Sands and Co.. No.
77 Ka*t Beoadw ?y ; Abr'rn B. Sands It Co. No. 273 Broad
Way. corner * ( < h amber street Also, for sale as above, lbs
AROMATIC H.NUKK," lor Headache and Catarrh, fomi
reaed pfllM ipnM > -f ??x>ts. shnd ?, ami rt Com mended by Dr.
I a t P rrt . a...r nl I a -nKrwU. IT? i v *, -?t U
mi- r. i. i . * d!V itU witnr
MILLH OK THK BKNNLNOTON. Houintonc K rlro^d,
Huffnlo. , ! tii# tafVty fui.d hankc alt* &t Law rente,
Ole^n, :tu?i ill the In t or r?d M?k Imnfcf in thin Hlate taken at
par for rlotha, rajKimere*. resting*, flaimelt.lic. at ike loweet
Cai?h pr?e# at 4*1 Orcrnwieh street near Canal dt 1 Itnifl*
MUSKY TO LMSb.
ABRAHAM J. J A' KSON. Piwnhro<?r, 5? Re?i)-? m
^ ? Df?- Broneway. loan! money in laryt or t* ?l! . ,ih?, I
nov i.# . # p-t. d, nw r--*? 'ten Hear "I id: Ilia. I?
BILLIARDS-OTIS KlK.I.I) will I* * .til fr v?
In frwaA al B'Mfor.i'a Hilliarl Room i, orer thtOlinn
KaRnf Hon**. * Ken <ic< ylit aplemlid tablra willi elate nd
mtrMe bi de. I">lin robber. cloth, au<1 apriiiy tteel ?u?ht ti??
|ron hi J inati'cativ frame*.
K.niraic- I4l> Kultog atreet, aii'l l| Aon itr'H. Table, an#
el 11.a |.ir . la jt In ?
SUPERFINE DRESS COA
but '{Pali re.
#?*Jaaato woHnnaaaaip'ard * -itenala.for TWitT 1 f 'UK
DOLLARS ; *1* . I'anialooga Tan DoUara.at p'li ,.t<''' ?r*
TuloriugaataMLihinant,
111 Broadway.
N. B-?Tie a. oregariii*uUan*u**oi a?l > "? . I*n>
r)T raapacl to th.Mie .na.lt by the n>o?t*i|< >*'** t lie
?:tr '(In* ia no emrly iriarantee. Ml one etiat the .*?
a'xtye* r.meelftofu'fi' .iirantmnfeec- iaaryj ) rr"#R
ion jl? lowar. ?*
ir
t PEA8F. It SON'S HOREHOVND CANDY-Th. up
J dernoutd h.tv-- iih>1 muipk.J ptaai R sou'* I I pi fi J r i
since "I 1 1 ratio unit Caudy, ami can recuinineud it lor cough
loin a, h rainiaa xlfcrhoua ol I he lui ge, kc.
Kn Mr < ratifur<. 1'aaior of ihe M F Chupth,Foraythat.
Rev Vr I.iud ey, P iator nt >1 K Church, Seco <1 at
Rev Mr lixwley, No ioLro by at, 1'aaior at the City Ho
pital.
Rev \fr Davit. Newark N J.
Kev MrDuvall U12 Broad at, Newaik. N J
Rev MrLuckey.PC Nrw York Coufe'cucr.
Rev Mr Vainreil-lr, bleakly n
Rev Mr liiitFui. Pastor of MC 1 hureh. Bidford at.
Rev Mr W tut k. r, I'irli rof 1' Church, corner otCatheru
ami Madison tie.
Rev V r H >rt, Paalor of B Church, Gold at.
Eider K tpn
Rev Mr Kilb'tp rrc-ul Pa?t< i M F Church. Willettat.
Hev Mr iJaniela Buffalo.
We c n u! d . . 1 fifty others of the moat ie*i>ertable clergy mi
ID tile Stale,but >* r pieatiine the aliovi' la .utn-iriit to aati?l
the iiim' akt'|itn'<l of tlie efficacy i f J I'eate 6t Sou'a Ilor<
hound I study. manufactured aud add. whoitealc tuid retail,
45 Divilii'Uat.
The foil ?ini! are our Hate ?g?n'a
Mr li W Unfiling No. 8 Sla.e ?!. Boston, Mass.
Mr <i B /lefier,. -o. 67 ih> k I hitadel|>hia. I'a.
Mr J Rnbrriaou. No 110 Baltimore at. Baltimore. Mu
Mesara J K Cuina 5t Co. o 13 Exchange Place, New C?i
liana. La.
Meaara Duboi e k l o. Mobile, Ala.
Mr J Woodward, St L< m?, \lo.
Mr C Tobey. Ciuemnati, Ohio. ^
\1es*rs H ini tial. Harrom 5c Allen. ( harleslon, S C.
Mi Win J I) ivall, jjjBro^d ?t, Newark. N J.
.Mr W N H Idrmau. LouUrillr. Ky.
Mr Piticey T*I!?r. O-trmi, ^'i.h
Me*.?rs Pi ck 5t Hne.ue, tturlingtcu. V t
J N? >v I lav. ii, < miii.
Mr J O?yuor lti? h n??iH V*
Ves-rs Fr iik Taj lor k Win Fi?l?er, Washington City D (.
Mr J A Wadsw ?>rth, Proii lriicr.K I.
Mr J B Costti. Montgomery. Alt.
Mr J Mii11ne, KayetuwH?,N < .
Mr <i W Sollm. irttn rg?t*wti, DC.
Mr t II Hual. Fredericks otirgh. Va.
LUCINA CORDIAL.
MAGNIN'S LUCIN A C( >RDIAL,
F'OK the sure and speedy cure ol Incipient Coisumptiot
Barrenness linpoteacy. Fluor Albui. or White*, Olee
Ob?t rue ted, difficult or paint ul Menstruation, lucontiuence c
Urine, or iuvolantiry discharge th*reo , aul for tl?r geiien
prostration ol the ay stem, do matter whether the nsuit of it
nerent c luses, or of causes produc d by iir*gu'arii) or illnc*i
The wide-spread cehbrity of Ous wonderful and inestiini
ble cordial 111 b ?th hemispheres, is a suflicn lit guarantee for it
quick and positive success in curing all the above affection
ami coir.plaruts. fSothiug cau be more surprising than i s n
vigt.rating eff cts ou the human frame. I ersous all weaknes
and lassitude before taking it, at ouce become robust and fui
ol energy under its influence. It immediately countf/acts ill
a* rve less nets or looseuess of the fi male fninr, w hicli is the 01
ly cause ??f Uarreuness; and which, prior to Dr. dii
covrry, was cocflidered to be incurable. And it speedily n
ino>es the impediments produced by ph>sical prostratioi
which frequently deter men fism getting married. Laiiguagi
indeed, canuo: do justice to the merits nl the Lucina Cordis,
which is rtgirded i?y the heads of the faculty in all parts <1
Uie world, as one of the most important medical discoterie
of any IBS.
For sale at 439 Broadway corner of Uraud street, and at 9
North Sixth street, Philadelphia.
__Price_$3 |?er bottle. it* 'm?
COLLRLTOR's LrncK, Naw IORK t
i lotiari f, I84s? S
P0RPO9AL9 will he received until the I5?h lust., for re
pairing the dwellings, ati? out houses attached, belowii?|
to the United Stales, at HUten .sland. and n-w occupied bl
Mr. Smith ?tud Mr. Mctcelf, according to the following specili
cation : ?
All ttiecari?eutrr and mason work ol ho'h houses, andth?
out houses, to be fully required w here necessary.
Two windows, with bos frames aud *a?h s, hung wilt
w eights and pulli's. glass IoX 13, ? ill be lnruishtd
All the locks and fastenings to be repaired an 1 furLished, the
locks lm be of city in ?ke.
All The wenk work and walls to he thoroughly painted wit!
X. I.l*. '.Ii.I ..fit. r liu.nl. .l.? J,..**.-..A -!.. ai,.. I ?*. .L
with taocoat* of white, and the insplc with our, except tlx
doors, w!.ich are to have three coat*.
The in .teri.i a i eeessary to be of good qu ility.ant) the woti
to he done substantially, ami ill a workmanlike manner, am
completed by the first day of M -rcb next
j7 tots KDWAKII CURT m. Collector
I Ml'1 >K f AN 1' to l'.t tmas'er and ntl,ri>, ihr>n.gh oil In.
United State*.?( deyji Lady Book. I'nr 1942, t* ottered oe
the following term* : 2 copies, one year. >5; S ilo do do do >10
11 do do do do 420;single copiex do do >.t. Ad,lr-*s
L. A. UODEY, Publishers Hall.
. jni'w
H,fV.RCA >flTfe AGENCY.?The nudemi ;ucd beg* leave
i-'J. to Mibmit to the Merchant* of New York, a plan fi r an
establishment w ith the above title, embracing, ant h brunches
of business n? are now undertaken by an; other individual,
and which he believe* of sufficient importance to the mercantile
community to receive and merit their patronage
Merchant* are often at a lo??, in the hurry of busin*** to
know where to apply forthr a*>i>tauce they need. It u the
obtect of this establishment tu afford them a* Utile,or a* much
ai ihei may require.
'I he business of tli'.k establishment w ill inclmle all negotiation.*
w hich mere',, .at* ami other* may desire to have toufident
tally conducted, and will include
Procuring Partner*,
Negotiating with Manufacturers,
Su* pl> mg Merchant* wi h Clerk*.
Comrrotuuttig wi.h Creditors,
Effecting Matioe and Eire Insurance.
Drawing Commercial < ontract*, kc. kc.
and for the purpose of proviliug temporary occupation for
Clerk* who are out of employment.
All kind* of wntn g- bookkeeping collecting. kc.
The plan of providing mean* by which person* demon* of
Connecting themselves in busm-ss, may harti something of the
nature ofthe bn?i?c** proposed, before nantes are given, or the
parties mtrodtired h-a adv*ntagea w Inch can never be obtained
froo a tiawapaprr in the common mode ot applying lor
partura The subscriber who ha* had much experience in
trade, and wa* educated a merchant, feel* assured that lie la
coin;rrtent to conduct thi* part ol the hu.ilirs* to lie satisfaction
of tl e parties interested, and will be enabled to procure
Ertnsrs in almost every branch of business, which will j teld
ir remuneration for risk and u*e ol capital.
Mannfri turers and merchant* froin the country who hair
busin* ss to tran-act in the city, will tin I -t this agency means,
at all linnof . blaming intm lucli.m to nterc lam* of MM
landing Whe r responsible agrut* or partner* are wanted,
every fsrHity will be afforded at hs* ex|x ? than they will
incur.for lizard aud Irs* ot time, wlnle attempting to carry out
the negotiation tm tnse t es.
The pr 'p xi'ioti to give temporary employment to clerk*
who are out of pliee. a* it will enable them ,o earn a subsistence
until ier.naiont sit a ions , an be procured, (thus coo
liuuing Ihiir regular bus lira* habit*, aud guarding th> in
from trie .evil temptatior* of idleurss) will no doubt meet the
appron.it ton of those engaged iu active business, aud r ct ive an I
ecure from them a* a body, such encouragement aud support
as will enable the subscriber to give the plau a lair trial upon
its merits
A r* gr*ter will be kept at the Mercantile Agenty where
clerks who art in want of < in ploy me, t can enrol tin ir names,
ages, qaaliti ation*. resesidence, names of former <trp! >yer*,
references, hi, d such other uif ir.n t ton as is'desirable; which
will beeit.iluted to merchants w anting assistant*, ana profer
measures w ill be taken to obtaiu situations lor them with all
reasutnbl- despatch
Tht a*iv antagi ? atf irded to merchants at all times to ?xa.
mine, free of charge, a register containing this iul mutation
will readily I e seen and appreciated by them. The merchant
Abiding i hararter, rrlcreuce*. and all other things *ati*faetory,
can be intro lured to the ilerk. and m ke In* own birgaiu.
t o the clerk this offer* great facilities?it make* hi* want
ot aeituitiou known to the person wanting a rlrtk, and the
fee requin d for registsrin* will not exceed the expense of an
ordinary ad ertisfinriii in one iiew^aj*r, |wnue me nu noirui
lie <*pa;cr* i i the rity ia.so great that a dirk wlu attempt* to
a verti-e iu al', will pay a Urge mini. Mod not then be ceit in
of reaching the nidi*ulual who wishes to give him employment.
at the t ime ti ne if i.e desire* to advertise. he cao do so
thro gh the Mercantile Agent, |w it nut (publishing Ins name,
and thus ens-jre a m? rr certain spp'icatioa than if he requir d
an innwrr addre?*? d to any letter of tUc alphabet,?box if? the
p m ortice.nr ficrioiin *?gn ?turr.
Connected with t hi* branch oft e business. it ii proposed
to fuiniao temporal y employment to clerk* who are oui oi bu iami,
and to this tad it ix requested ol merc-ian who have
extra ffi it ing r who need extra helpdurit K the buxiiust season.
or wno wiih their hot Km examined, written up, |K>ste 1, bit*
| .ii. i.. m tints madt it md c< Ik eted, : ? . ) et t* a I m
ycer, to a:?pl|r at the Mercantile Agency.
Pet* n il attention will l>e gtvtn to submitting 'propositioni
to entdi'? rx for settling i ? ??! vent e.-t ales. The undersigned
will end* our t ikiie satisfa.-tiuu to all th.se who may confide
hi* department of bu*iue,s tolo? care
Marine and Kire * ? rancr w ill be effected. The subscriber
feels confident thai h s knowledge wf thin branch ol busmen-i
wn! be?of great value to those requiring lnsurai.ee, aud he en
eitcs employ ment hi a m ley saving operation. Hit faint
liarity with the busiues* w ill enable him to procure risks al
the lowest rite*. II' w ill also gin* his a'teati u to preparing
statements of *nd adjustit g 1 collecting claims for 1 ?** <.
Ml kinds of mercantile contracts aud *gre--ent? will h*
carefully erawu on application, under the advice ol an e?ic
i iriic- .i kfil fsatltflHi itmbri ring ? m rj ?iristjr of trmat
tlO is
Alt*n(i*o will a'so be giveu to examining *nJ simplifying
complicated accounts
Sta lug administrators, par!tier-* and debtors' accounts
balancing merchant's books, making ba'auce sheets am
sUitrin; ills lor opening new set* of books, a neglect ol
winch is of ea the cause of much uneasiness, w hlle the coutia
rv euablts the merchant at all liuu * to speak cyniideiuly oi
the correc'nex* nl'Jus books, a gratificatiou which may b<
cheaply purchased Many ruerch- u's arc too much engag*to
do this themselves and are unwilling to trust it t? iucoui
petrnt jH-rs >us. who makr simp e errors raort omulicaled
Krrors will be detected iti sets ol honks whertier made m
irai? mally orlhrttsj carelessness or ignorance. Fmnd d< a
error* nsli Kjt one part er to deceive an tber, or bi a fmudu
lent deli or to deceive his Creditor, w ill be *>earch?d a'trr am
eipossd. St ?! m >nfi of debtors' accounts made, and divi
ariid* p oi-oscd lor settlemeu ? with creditors
for mei aw be bi tiated Irm
thod ix here suggested to the nifrchauf? who shouid at al
times be j iloiu ??f his credit, to oi l on money upon any em*r
gsucy with-ut 4p, ring as a party to the truwi u Ii m.
The ?ii4?-rsu .< d p posrs also toatl nd to ny other honor*
ble branch of bn* u*s< requiring the intervention of a thin
party, the nthire ?> w iich m too pr imiiciisiii tube lyriicular
ixed. All matters entnisten to hrs caie w ill m- tr ate<Jc?*nti
dentially aud with pr rnpti u?h?. Kelereuce
exchanged. \V A. wOOUWaHD,
M*rc an*ile Ag'tif snl Negotiilor.
piO. t En ituqt F1 < . tn : Iluiurti slrcrt.
j7 wQtaw
Hotki.-Vtr.1. t.i. . i ?uc,?
.q-j.iulMKC ,.m1 rn.h-, t ,1, I. , I I IV ?t r ? ? lo < (!
tr iu .ii ?*lr .?!* .n't > ?? i c . i? trr ??
wUh r III >' ?'r ..!) K n' , ,1 fmn.l.in- a
nrea? nt Vslu : I)i;fCl to YOKk si t h? ". ^ V or h ! >*! fh-r
* If .
/ <AI'I I' AI - I T.Mtll .IK.N I < HI .U n ^,t(.
V-7 " D ? no' human legit ?l> 'II ir >k?c. ml i ,. , ., r iiriri ,
led by the Almighty, ou '.brut on | rinei. Irt, l.y making i?v
for the capital put i?hin?at of criminal* nua. ?n?e "
That the tubyet ol the capital (mi lehmeut i I erimm.U k*
I ekru lerp rn It in the pool r miti.1 for trr-t .1 ye art i aet, loi
only im ti lbutnleoin other eountriet. it n. w tuflcirtnl
cri'ent. and will, it i-un irratoo.l or ehortly I rougi.t hef.,r
the Legislature of lhi? ht .te in the mint giarr and.e i u
manner, and in the utiial I. rm of pennon In order ihal tl
et'tcenaimv not be tune a by aurprite when their tign.tn
are tolicited. tlierubj-ct le b* brought belor- 'he public I
one of moie leilnret i ilhe Broadway T?h< rn n le ti nret I
he Jelirered on !4ti urd .ytfening Jai.uaiy f 1?4S. mul if ii-nh
the Ho i. Weo. M. L? UIm or Darid Paul Brou n. Keq .can I
obtained far the hr-t evetiig, th? t'orumtltee ? ill net tail
arciire the ? rrieeaofao ae other popular lecturer, to that u
^publKtipfUVdriiodi ?,?l? intmeoi
Adm eti 'n US rente. Tick, it to be hi I at the door ('on
. mem e halt paet T ..Vloeb <">
"II AK<T\IM?Uv O.UT ol hc,tlirlUt lit ..I tg.ceee . Co....,,
1 J'the uhicr-br- will tell at aucti >n on toe prttmtia ou 11
-ttthd'i ol Krbruir/negt.at llo'dy k, no. n, the eerr net
fable Karin. otilai.ini Ifeu y -lour ar in, mnr- or leta, tit..
t)ii midway buguen Mu long and Jamaice, fronting on tt
tilu road oetetetgi th-^two placet, hounded l?y t.o f,rti.a
enry Hne-audli org -Vandeftri, K?q? , occupied by C llr
ton. Koriwrticulari eae teong lalind Ue.?o'ret Huclaltll
amount (til rrniainuu P u.i ami mortgage ,| Inn ml tret
|UH)iiirtuf , JNO. a, JtUMMr.HS,
^4 ?ta? tog":4* K?-en'or. t in 'V .ue ee
pOPl'L AK Sj e.liH J > r. - i ol o a Cvtl|.||Uwl c*ll<e. i
I- Co'iu'ia and Hireiparil a, a certain, tel., ami moat i Ifec
ual remedy ever diteoiared fi r the eurc ot gouorrhira ?U?-l
a'clurea. wlntri, pania in the hack tml Imm i-nnil ?o
I, atfi cti me I lot knlueyt, g a.el, ic ri.ulir erupiiona. s
()t?e recommendation tint preiiaration etijoj a oret alt oth?
la ita Brat port mle fo in, put up in ini??. Hie inoeie la whw h
may be taken h-iug both ra,y and ylcatan:.ttttaaleirat uatur
witn no rrelrieei hi in diet .<*ronhnrieeu* from daily tH.atuet
Traveller* ea pec lull y woulil bud thia medicine highly u.eii
and ought ne.er l > be uupromled v?iih a (ireparalion potNi
ing the advantage* whicr the jiret. nt aim ( omuiaea I reyan
by I. B I'horu, ifM-inlt, Lonkm end lor tilt wholeeele ai
retail, by J?n.e? 1' irrant gna I Greenwich ttr- el, corner of Wa
ren; BoinlUrd ki k*i.tluc, H Path K"W, and W| Broadway;
Dickie. 41 4 Hr.ia.lw ai _ . >.. i.1
PACKlt F art11' .?il 913*1 I i, t \Jl\ 11*41 Ulkea tk.,1
P ?*!!? r* b> thltf hip * i 1 I'ifM he ou b *?r rl. j?: () |, *i
wharf. I* > i I vV4ilnr?cl, Th * U?) *t 11 M , nt wh?r4? t ir
ftp 4 4 f H?pfnl*? ' *2
Lv kw?->l? HP*! pilIN Ult44 ! B4, l.eai.4Mn I. .UiMl
??f#>i,lion S** Ork.?<w. Kor??l*by
*.<11 , uakh* ' A. K
h
i nK.v'KDY KOR D'AY a***?< erti??*te of I
i bV *tk. Jul) lii?Tl ? i? to rcrlif), tlitI nu tin Wih i.*) of
>, J uuc Ust, beu.g iu N? ? York. I purchaeeda to'I I* of Meguine'a
Aroutlir Droit. it Rtindy for Drafutot 1 followed Ihe ireditu
a atrnllv, lyinging. Ste a* itutructed Before the hot
l|i w t half tiioutlrll, nv hearing ?t? entirely featured. I
I- havr r In* I it t ten <ityi h ard a? diatinctly ae ever. Being
about lo return to my tiali?e *IIV ol Itichuiottd, I em hai)|>y
to malti- tliie public aekn< ? l? dttineiit, and lo recouimcud m
r* In able a medium lo public patronage.
(Slglieo)
JOSEril G. VALK.
Tim valuable preparation ia for tale (price >1 50per bottlr]
te b) A.B St D.":<nd*. >1 7? auil 100 Kultuu treet, by A. B
" ml* VI ?73 Broad Stay, and by 1). baotl* to Co.. No. 77
Ka?l Binarfway. js lm
L'.Vl llAvtiK Hc'TF.L.?The prnpiietor of thit e? labium
I*, until, at lite eommei eemrtil of a new yrar, nturua lot
ihttika lo bit IrtihJa and the public for their liberal auppnt
'n ?iuie it ?at fiialopen'd for their accommodation tujuly latt
> an lit ooftra atill lur lier to m?rit it by making all t'oaewhr
' nj urn at the Kichanttr ateoinforlabU. at lean, a at any othn
h 1.11 i the Uutou. I|i-lake* (hit ?|>|Ntrluuily alf, ol cautiou
ing lb* public agaiatt the ttnfuuude t tunio't put *11 tal by inte
rxlad |a rtont about the extravagant rh irgi a tat J lohav e b en
made at liis lintel, by arttirit-g tliein liny are now what the)
alwaj a have been. i>er day.
nuicnKmo inrTi"tfiiit a nipr cnncn ai;u ntu room, wnicr
will hr rt f irtnrli purp >,rg u,iun .it rr^.iml.lr ti rn<( hi hu?
iu the city. K. BOYLE.N, Proprietor.
1< It HMiiiii, Va.. .J *n. 4, )S4'J. jl
Rli A ,\ I )KET1I A N OFFICES
Dll BENJHMIN BIlANUKETirg OKI1 ICES, for Ui<
the sale of the B?anilreth I'iiU, are?Principal,241 Broad
way, New York Otlter? ffir*s 167 lludson street ; *76 Bowe
ry ; 175 Second rtreet. Philadeln .it, i North kir th street'
hnstoii, 19 Hinowr street; Baltimore, corner o| Light a d
Mercer street : Pittsburgh. W??*d street ; Charleston, 7(
Mte.iug ftrcet; New Orletiis, 3 Old Levee; Cincinnati
Third a'reet ; Louisville, 99 Kou In street , Kicnmoul, Thud
stre?t , *t Louis. 49 M.iin ijtrer.t ; M utreal, 93 Notre Dame
street ; P?ughket.pvie. N. \. Albert Van Kleeck ; Norwhich
LA W Kalkiier : Hertford, Ct Henry B' Uton ; New II*ven
Ct. Ch tries Crosby ; Mi ldlei'wu, (A , K. Chalfie. The Pilli
~ are sold at 25 rents per hov, with full directiom. j8 3t
iMPOlt I iN 1 15! i ; i n ftPL A* KHtt-Gmri: ESI
1 valuable preparation of Horehouud deserves a few remaikr
from my own experience Being in the lubit of addressu^
u? frequently large meeting* and my constitution rendered ?u?<
L cepi ible of colitl 1 found my strength and h-alth gr ?riually de*
ea> in*, my spites ?i ki?g, my lung* tailing, and m\ voict
1 Ul rriug fast. Ik fast I had lost all lioj cm, aud e*ery h< ur
' fearful of bursting a bio hI vessel, when > our Horehouml
9 Candv aid the cores it had effected reach* d me. 1 believ*.
1 1 ?<?.tk but one pack *gc. when every unfav rable symptom dia
appeared, and my geurral health rvidewtly improved. Heel
lrt now re;eneratcd *o < inp et? ly that I aui freely empoweied
t* speak tiid net belter than I did three years ago. My appe
"j tite is good, inl my ipii ral hetltS revtored Yon can make
B any use yon please ol this certificate, which it would be iujus
c tice lo withhold from the public as well as \ ourself.
' J. WELt H, 144 Gold street, Brookisn
'* Agent for the 13rc> kly uTemperance
Socitty.
L To Messrs J. Pease & Sun, 45 Division street.
|? Each cnv? lope of the gentiiuc^Caudv is signed in full, " J
v Teas- & Son. 43 Division street,'' of whom it c?n be obtained
w holt I lit SOd 111 i!.
b Agents, Ku*?htoii fit Aspinwall, 110 Broadway, 10 Astor
Ilonse and 86 Will iarn street; Drigga, 681 Broadway; Tii*p^
sou, corner of Fulton fit William street; Sam is. 241 Centre st;
Wendower. 141 kiehth A venue; Dr. S> mo, Druggist, 63 Bowery
, Agnew 300 Hudson street; Lecouut, corner of Grand
ai d Diviaiou street; Young, 180 < ?a al street. j8
Remittances to England, Ireland, and
St OTLAN D.?Droits from ?\% ?'2. ?d% ?S% ?|0. A'15, to
' A'lOiO,aud upw ards .payable at sight or at sixty days, at the
f following places iu England, Ireland and Scotland, ran always
be obtained of 8. J. SYL VESTER,
130 Broadway and 22 Wall st.
? IRELAND.
Athlone, Dutunnnmi, Moo ay hum,
1 Armagh, Dungarveu, Mulloin,
Belfast, Dublin Motieymore,
BMliua. Dangarron, Nenagh,
Daiobridge, Kuij|?kil)eu, New Ross,
1 BuLvnuna, Klin a, Oin;-gh.
1 BanJon Kuuiscorthy, Parsonstown,
Bailyshartion, Ke moy, R sromuioii,
Ballanasloe, Galway, Koscrea,
: Boyle, Dowup ttrick, Shgo,
' tj?rk, Kilkenny, Strabane,
Cloiimel, Kilrush, Tlmrlts,
Coler.tine, Limerick. Tij?pernry,
i t-avan, Londonderry, Tralee,
i Coolrhilj, Lurgaii, Tuaiu,
Carrie k rn Suir, Longford, Tallow,
( ashel, Louglirea. Wa| rl'ir?,
Charlrville, Mitchelsiown, Wexford,
CaeiUbir, Moate. Youghal,
ENGLAND.
London. Birmingham, Prestos,
Liverpool, I.redo, Bristol.
Man heater, Laucaster.
SrOTLAND.
Edinburgh, Greenock, Dundee,
GiucOM,
FRANCE.
Patia, Hare.
GERMANY.
Hamburg, Humeri, Frankfort,
Peraoua hating to remit to the r friend* can always rely on
their order* attended to, lite following packet after receipt of
rtiniltair e
The highest rate w ill b: allowed for bills on any of the
above places, jB lm
D O C T 0 R BELL
PtOCTOK BELL devotes his personal attention (daily until
L? 9 P. M .) to the removal of privatr diseases in every stag.
All so tiering under protracted cases, mjgravated or unsuccessful
ly treated by inexperienced orf-rrteiu/rrfpractitiouers ; those !s
boring under the destructive effects of mercury or auack noi
truins.aad all who suspect the remaiu* of disease lurking in U e
system, inay consult Dr. B. always with a guarantee of cure$Q
Persona contemplating marriage, who have bee* the ? v
ject*of delicate diseases, may consult h)r. Bell with honorable
eouiideuce. Pot r raiD letters,describing the case of persona ?t
s distance.have his prompt attention. Dr.B.'s treatment net*
esposssto suspicion.and ia welt known to be safe and perma
aent.
{?- Private offices 4 COURTLANDT STREET two
door* from Broadwav jB lm*
URENCH LANGUAO<?MANKSCA SYSTEM.?The
1 subscriber is row organising the last earning class for the
seasou. Genllrmen w isbiug to join will please make immediate
application tv
L. MANE80A DURAND, 93 White st.
N. H? Private instiuction and la Jits classes during the day
jr it*
THE PRINCIPLES OK MU1 UAL INSURANCE.
roMIIIKFD WITH * STOCK CsriTAL. BY Tin:
TAf KSON MARINE INSURANCE COMPANYofthe
" ci'y ol New York ?Capital Stock $300,000 ?This CompHiiy
haviig by a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors, nil tne
writ'rn consent of a very large majority of the stockholder*,
adopted a bye-law, to take i ffect on ihe first of January nest,
that after the payment til ih stockholders of an annual interest
of srveu per crut on tl e amount of their capital stork, out
if the interest accruing on the invest men tofs lid cari :al stoek,
md the premium* received oy the said coinpauy. the b dance
>f net profits shall be invested in a Safely Fund, to be set
part and separate fr in the other fundi of the company;
hit h fund shall belong to the stockholder* of saidei tnpany,
in J the irrsiiis and firms who shall have paid the premium*
lomposn g said profile. ami tor which a cert ficate may be isued
transterable on the bo. ks of the coinpauy which ce'tifiate
will entitle the holder thereof to the interrsi annually,
hat mi y I* made on the investment of said fund?tkus giving
> 4i lien tn k ru intur-ince nt thi? office all the advent dp?
arrived Iroin the Mutual Principle, ami pivmg aho the ad?U
11**11 >11 pr unvj inri'iMnuri inr ripi^ticinui uir c-Miip.) .
'1 he rates of premium will be as favorable as that of any
other cou pany.
DIRECTORS.
Bimeon Baldwin, C. Wiothrop Gray,
Ju-tin Harrison, f'harlcs Kum Uud,
Vin. W Todd, Edward Bemcut,
JiHfph Foulke, Jr. Samuel Bycrly,
ll'ihert H. Mc' nrdy, John B. Lasala,
Kibiell Stebbins, Samtiel L. Mitchell,
Win Augustus White, Hrnry W. Harstow,
Jasper Gwifei or, George Colliua,
Au<h>nyB Neilson, George F. Thomas,
Aim >i? O. Phelp#, Bilas K. Everett,
Ch*rlr? Brugurc, Thomas W. Gale,
JainesO. ^tacey, Thomas P.Stanton,
Pemus Perkins. Lathrop L Btvrgis.
SIMEON BALDWIN. President,
JUSTUS HARRISON, Vice President.
/illiaM w. Dipei.rc, Secretary.
A state* en* showing the iti*? sirnents of the capital stick,
till be open It ih? inspection of auy person wishing to do bu
ueti wiih the Company, dftt lm*
TO THK LADIHS."
MADAME COSTKLLO, Female Phyeicini, wtill contin
tie* to treat with astonishing success alt licensee peculiar
to fern i!es.
?tif>pr'?flinn, irregularity. obstruction he , by whatever
cause produced, can be removed by Madame C. in a very short
turn
Madame C's medical establishment hat ins undertone thorough
repair# and alteration# tor the hett r accommodation of
her on erons patjeotif aim i0 Ma i nhm to rtorift Indies on
the point of confinement or those who wish to be treated for
obstruction of their monthly period.
Mlihm * Mlltl MttlcSd tt her residence. No.MLUpt
nar*l street, at all times and with the strictest regard to secrecy
All r- mi n ncatmns and leite?s n ust be I *'?t paid d|4 lm*
AliKHN'K I HY^S BOTANICAL PU.L*T-^LVt ihruiilo r
tuoate t>at assured, that there i# no eiaggcratioti in assert*
ins these pill# to be a speedy and radical ure for Croi o-rloea.
Gleets, Irritation of Kidnev*. &c. They were lor several
ycms, prescribed by the celebrated Abcmethy, in *1! stages ofthe
apofe diseases In the first stages *??e bo* is u>u Hy sufficient
to effect a curt in a few days. lu long nrotric ted chrome
sites. obstunte gleets, itc , in? y are equally certain hav
ng cored hundreds wno had been takiug other medicines for
mow tin*, w tncli t* uded more to citstro) the coiHiiMitinu t'.'in
to cure the dts- oe. They never have the part- subject to t'.e
troublesome weakness wl ich s* frequency otcur* alter t^kmg
other medt< i*es. They have no unpleasant taste or smell;
any one taking them might frequent the in<st r. fined society
without having their misfortunes suspected They are composed
entirely ol vegetn Me ingredients. w hi h luv morale the
system geucrallv. For sale only m New York by Wtv. Wati
sou. Ai*oihecari? s' Hall. 3*? 1 .uneriut str et, and in Brooklyn
b IH ?lt wt,d sgist, Fulton street dg Inr
U'AN i E \ mI ?ir*n. by * r? . . ( ? - > tuig w .una .. u
do gem ralI hou c w u k, au I w ho can gier gH*l rv'nmire
Inquire it Nraldl Molt SL 1?
1 IALIAN All'M*?Air. M lAAlati, Itweu > > sr# *?#t
ldeiit in Naples, pupil ol the celebrated Pacini and Ure*cs**ti1
ni) girr# ins-ruction on terms to sui U?? tones, in Itili.ut,
Pre rh,A wd p. g.ten oitifnifC. ? ?? in me mom i uhiio< ? > my it
of Piauolurtf i I ?> fnc- Mr M. h*j* j-rrmiiMiou to ref r to ilw
foil WillijJjCentlrineti?
J M W*n?wrricht, P. Dj Mepere. Howlmd U Vrpuvidt.
J b\ Fchroeder, D. fc>.; J. T. BriKhiui, K. l.H.twkr*, I). U.,
S. VV*rd.
[Xf~ Mr* M. reeidee nt 91 \V\dker etTMt, nr*r Bm?dw??f\
d* lm*
iN (mCK TO BU Y ERS OK
C A El N ET F URN ITU RE.
Tllrl i\it?criScr would iavite the attention of lh?>?e *i.h1
tui( l<t t urehaie nrnelej io the ebove butiue**, to hi? e?*
Mill ie ( be ton <d a rich morfWM nt ?| l'
we -d md M?S?>^ ?uv Furniture* of "reuch in o'her pattern*,
rune of which i???t to be f?>un?l el* where, being uttreU
w oruiuM. hiiilmvae rich pilt t'oroicei f. r Window#,
rOh 0 I'.'l H11141 t |t?^pr with I) ?ro**M4, ( iillooiui ? lid Til*
iel? ;?i?J terry article all ??*h* i t* curtain*, which w ill be
m *Ar in t'?e I ?tr?t style fr >m pitterne lately received.
N B t nr 4, ti ?r ettenti n pi to thr fi tine; up of Oft?v
V rn?!H, r ire Scree u#( ami other f.i.cv :*r ic?* wi?h err hr >id
er d |4|hair> W \PIU\u i ON MKKK*,
,r <116 6 M > i I! I
1 \ \ ' 1 |
rioti r*ii?,
FRENCH I)KK>.h M VKK.lt,
9 Franklin
V VI AD\ME LRW F.VRF, (Ute M'llr. Flor.ne,beep Irate te
**1 n,|,?fhi the U if< of .N? w York. that the hie let* the < 4
tihliehment of Mm-# t'hentn At Lei irur. (1 1 which nS* ict.4
4a forewoman. Sir. e*er since her in it ?l ?rom f t . > t .*r t\?
pwrp,# lormirij one of tier o? n. where drvM??,r| AW*, c. r.
t ?tU kr . will v in*l* afier the latest I ehi > ?? From the ua
mre oTh-r a renf- metiti with her a?ent? at Parte, she w>|| h.
s etiab ed to gire the moet ptrfkt eati-fertion to th<>?* l*!ie?
c at%t ho* o'her with theae T?a*ro?? *re .? t ...
2 VTO I I IMI UIII AN i l >t . s
>.* ntlirm ?ynafin.{ Irtirra to Kngland by tha ttOYAL MAIi.
* STKA Kit* from Boatoi. IIunJ'.i k Co. w?uli
r?.|^f'Cully fiv* notic* lh?t Ih.y ii? guarantor that <11 Irttrra
1 rrCMTrai at tnnr orticr, No. I \v?l. .Ural. Nrv? York, ui t.
t>. aUy i'ir vioiK k> lha on-arturr of tha 1m>?i frow noaton
. <ti.ll h- pl<cril in 'Kr Kuchth mail oti koanl ilta ataamrr br
for. rbr >ail<, rrrn in c??r of acciilmt of datmlii.n to tin
p i'iot? on tlir Hounal untax ttar Jrlay (hall br mora than twrn
ij -l.?ur kiotirt orrr fcbr orthnary nnaning timr,
_ N. H. >lr?ar?. H k < o. aaouM alio gir. cotirr to thru
I'rarifla and liar i-ublir that thrf aba not gira tbr aborr <?u
a? f.o. ? Mtiba'tll p I*ir to fulfil liar aamr.
ir dp u t wynry ? rp
? D V < I plllr* .all ani.am a ri, rn >.? .a.,., fit
' I.KAN8, i? altfcliafg.i g at Orliaa* wharf, two'of H i
It >r(. Cotifignxa arc rr^uratrd tu a'.trnd to Ih ir- eipt
fttir ?ooda immrt'iattty. d!g
pllKt MATI8M-Mlpereoue afflicted with the Rl*uai
iv turn will pleeee ea" ' " ' too l-ine. if to. tu erod t?
Mnm. A B 4l B S. it, N?. t' J *ultoe atreei, 7'
Kul Broadway and 37:) i roadway eorwer Cha utter itrcet. aa <
get a hot' I e of UnriMt V c . iUtVM t< Mixture an*
Sy rap. which la warreated a cerui ... the' I. route Ac
cuir lullanimatory,and Mrrruriat Hli> uui t'i-in. ilia 7 yrari
eincethla valuable medio e?u iHad nr. d t.. the public *<
mall ordinary Caere one bottle of the a.it tore, which leanex
trrnal preparation perlorma a aatiai etory cure ; but iu ol<
chrouic auu mercurial e.ine it w requieiU ><> wake ueeol tin
Syrup with th' mixture,a* it i< well known that it it aeci aaa
I ry to ch amir the blood of Ha corruption, e merd by the to Ire
q iint ur 0 incrcuiy in tlie daaeeeee lint mania l.eirto. Ai
tact arc the aearehiug propertiea ol tbeae preparation* for tin
cure ol the Kheuinatiaui. Sprain*. Lanieuraa in the Back, Stif
Joiuta, kc ,ai to excite the admiration and ?urprne of eterj
indirn ual who haa fairly tested tlieir merita, which can b.
area by the leilunouy of the following well knuwu gentle
men : ?
Mr. Burnett.?Sir, hxviug been afflicted with the Khrutna
tiam for the laat three t oa. and trtc l almoat erery thing tka
could he thi light nit ihung me any rood, I w aa inJuce<
by a fro nd, < 'ai 1 J I 1 ahera, la try your Hhrumatte Mix
ture. and after ni'iir t - bottle*, it i.aa affected a peifec
eure: aa wy ca . oeeu ut euch long (landing. I can rrcom
meui! your Mixture to erery one utfiutrd with tiie Klieuma
tiam, aa being the ijuickeat and aafrat cure that can be reanrtri
tain the city.
I re nam, air, with tny beat w iahee for your future proi|?ri
ty and hapaiuraa, vour ob> dieut aerv?nt,
WILLIaM VV STKVKNH.Slh Ward Day Police officer
Mr Burnett,?Sir. Kor the laat ibrer yeara I haae auffrrti
with one ?l the mnat pamjul and troublesome complaints Ihm
t r human framr ran be afflicted with, atru I began In thing,al
tercongulting with a anmlirr of phy?i< una that it "aaitnpoe
gihlr In get relief 1 wag pel- Uaded t? give Burnett'# Kheuma
tie Mixture a trial, which. alter e-iug twu botlleg, accoriiD)
tu directions, hag effected perfect cure
1 EDWARD MOO HE. 1S5 Mott gt.
Mr. Burnett,?Sir, I de certify that Itie Medicine that I hat
' I ruin yon hag euttrelv eureil i*e ?l the Rheumatism. I wrai
' afflicted for three years, and mn-t nf the time dn.liieJ tg thi
house aJ.ii mjr bed. ALEX. NrlL. comer WiHiani
an I Spruce gtreetg.
' Tliig ig o certify that I wag i.fW'rd with llie Hhtumalnwr
Sir ?otne tiin? and could pet u i cine till I procured Burnett'i
Rheumatic Miaiure and Syrup, whtrli In- had the desired ef
i feet. I). J.K >IOHT,T4 Fallen at.
Mr. Burnett,?Dear Sir, The Mrdecitie that 1 bought nf yot
bag cured uiv wile i f the Kn-uinaliain. She had guffe'cdl
long while, and could get no relief till 1 was recommended by
tfriend of mine to ugeyour medicine
Youra, sec. JOHN HOUUOK ror. Giend
I and Chriatie etreeta.
Thig is to certify that my wife wai cured nf the Kbeiima
6gm. alter hi ing afflicted twour three yeara, by the uae ol
Burnett'# Rliuematie Mixture and Syrup
WILLIAM HATHOKNE, 119 Allentt.
Mr. Burnett,?Sir Hating hat a severe attack n|" llie Rlitg
malign', go aa to confine me to my b?l, and not In lug able to
mute iny hand or not for a length of time, I wag i. duced lei
try your Rheumatic Mixture by uiv ftitud Mr. Smith. and aaloiiiehing
to gtale, a (itr ugiug hut two botliea of y our valuable
Mrdieiue, it hag entirely cored.
OLIVER CA8INK. Bt Barrow ft
Thr tinilergigned hag |teniHg-uuii to refer all ill ige iffln tcd tu
the 'ollowitii; well known and htg.ily reepei table gmtlemen
w ho have algo hecu cured by the uge of the above medrcine
t'r. J.D Chaplin. 'I rcagnrer Bowery T heatre ; A. Gilbert
Mcrbeleet. 110 Fu tO'i g'regd , I-ree II. Ha i:h, t>!>9 Greenwich
gtreei; John C. Moor*, 161 I'uoulwai ; John Grem builder
III Walker atreet; John McMalnili, I0S Crnle- gtre rt. N. Y ?
Tu be hail at ihe Proprietor'# l',w#st pricee, wholeaale and '?
tail, of Meagre A. B Jt D SANDS. No 79 akd 100 Fultoi
llrret,77 Kagl Broadway and corner Broadway and ( hainbei
ilreeta, writ aide. dil I in
f ONDON KASHI(5N??Jugt reoi iv- d an invoice of rich
La Dreg# Scarla and Cravats; also a few doxen of auperior
xuhmere and lined iloveg, with g|iriug wrigl, at the old ealabbthrd
Stock Manufactory, ail Broadvay, between Murray
itreel and Park Place.
PARSKLL9, agent for J. Agate.,
N IB. Merino, lamhgwool, gilk, linen, muslin, and nuckskiu
trt and drawer*. til ivea in great variety. Mr. to n'iStm
PO.MEKOY k CO.'S Albany ano BurrALO Packaui
Eimi.w awd Aauivcr?For the Transp rtaiion of Sue
cie, Bank No e?, Small Package#. Sample (ioodg, Valuahle
Parcels, Sic. Ike., in connexion with Meg9rw. Harden St Co.?from
New York arid A ban" to Buffalo, via Schruectady. Utio.a,
Syracuae. Auhurn, Seu?Ci Falls, Geneva, Cauandaigua, Re
Cornier, Hatavia Stc.
Meagre. Pomeroy & Co. will attend to the Collecting, or Pay
mg Note#, Dralta, Bill#. A ceptaneeg. Ike., and trangact all and
any such bugineia a# shall be committed to their charge in the
above named placea, with proanptnatt,
Hura e Ncr.a :
Eraetua Corning. F.?>i , Preuideat Albany City Bank
'1 nottiat VV. (Jictt, Ee.j., " Mechauicg and Karmere'B
A. D. Patchiu, fcw , Caaluer N. Y. Slate bank
Noah Lee, a ' Albany F.scheuge Bank
Watte Sherman, " " Albany City Bauk
Jkmea Taylor, " " Commercial Bauk
Tneodorr ulcot'," " Canal Bank
Ezra P. Prentice "
J ?hti Tavtor. 11
Office No_i Wall street, New York.
rOMEROY Si CO., Office No 3 Dourr's Buitdings,
Corner Stale ano Market streets, Albany
Albany, Nor. ITth. 1M1. 'HI"1
TJILLs of EXCHANGE on all part* ollt;u)|Uua, Ireland
D ami Scotland, in sums of ?5, jCiv. ?i5, JCi0, to aap
amount, for sale. Colleelkme on all parts of tlie United State*
made at the beet market rates, by
8. J. SYLVESTER,
ol? M Wall et, and 130 Broadway.
CHAPMAN'S ALE AN1) CHOP
HOUSE.
No. 251 Hudson imifFT.
JH. CHAPMAN reapeclfully inlnrmebi* friends and the
public in general, that he continue* to *erv> up in hie uaual
excellent manner? Steaks, Chops, Cutlete, broiled. fried, (tewed
mailed and raw Oyatrra, Welah Rarebits, Peached Eggs. Iic^
together Willi hi* superior Sparkling Ale, brewed especielly
forthis establistuneui, which is unequalled iu this city. He
will also sell by the gallon or in il< mijonns the choicest Wines
uid Liquors, (the celebrity ol which is so well established,) at
the low est cash price.
N B. Just rrceired and for sale a superior lot of Isla Small
Still Whiskey, wnicli he will sell cheaper than can be purchaled
at anr other house in this cit'- oM 3m
AMOS U. HULL fc CO. t Vesey sfeet, Astor Hoiim.Ui
made commodious changes in tneir establishment for ths
ale and application of
TRUSSES AND SUPPORTERS.
Thty have now an assortment jeilktTvtt enIranet. escfse
ilunvi ly/?r ladies
The Store for tlr. sale ofTrussesand Surgeons'lnatrusnenta
id ft r mercantile business, is entirely distinct from the rooms
under the charge of the Surgsou for tne application of Trusses
and Supporters.
The Surgeon reeeiresno otherpaticuta than those sent to bias
ky the medical faculty forrslieffrom Rupture,Varicocele.Pro
laps o? ho H_
OMMISSION PAPER WAREHOUSE, Ths hu
cribers keep constantly on hand, and offer for sale, iu lots
to unit purchasers. Writing Paper* of all kiud*. Also Robin
ion'I Blank Book Papers, ol all kinds.
Pntitiug Papers of all qualities ami sixes on hand, or made tc
onlerat sliorl notice.
Thy also keep on hand a large assortment of Wires, Kelt
orgs, Blue SiimIU, Bleachiuc Powder, and S.nla Asli. for Papet
Manufacture*. w hich they offer at very low prices.
ivi? PKRaSV A RKllimS, SI Liberty ??
o \N7)S' REMEDY"FOR SALT RrU PM?Bolt fUsnm,
Ringworm, Teller, Scald Head Barber's or Jacksou
Itch, Ecxema. rsoriaei* Palmari . and oilier diaeasrs ol the
skin, are aafely,certainly, and fleet .alp enr-d by the use of
Sau i's Remedy, which nis u.iw been test".I iu reore than
twelve thourao I different caaes, ?f the above disetS's without
baring failed in any where the c'.irn lions are ,u i,red to. The
unparalleled success of this remedy in curing the di esees of
thesliin is wi.hout equal in tlie history *1 mrdicine. Tl.e
Compound Sjrup of aiuya ilia i* rscomoir uded to be used
with Ihe remedy,as it tern's to throw out from the blood and
svs'em generally all the unhealthy humor connected with the
ilisras's. aud the application of he remedy exiernallj at the
same time, entirely eradicate it fnim tne sj stein Theremedv
is perfectly harmless in Reoperations, and may be ap
rant. Teaiimoniila of ita efficacy are daily recciie , and the
follow iu,: are aelrcled 'or publication, which, it i< tl onght,
will aaiiafy the miud ui'every candid peraonof ita extraordinary
virtuea:?
Mrjara A B. St D Sanda?Gentlemen, 1 certify that I hate
beeu cured of Ihi Salt Khrum ol ttn yeara standing, hy the uac
of your remedy and Hy up of Saraapartlla, hii i 1 wirh ever)'
jm rum trail ded with tliia dreadful dim aae in any form would
cell ou me, and 1 will aeliafy Ihtm that your medicine will
cure them |?rfectly.
Youra, truly.
ANNA MAUI A WKIBALL.
retidrnce ISO N'aaaau atreet. New York, Juue 3, 1810. More
IN Futoillliat,
Meaara. A.B.& D. Sand?Gent!em>n. I procured a boi of
y ur valuable remedy for Salt Kheum ai\ monthannce for my
eon, who war then aeyerelv afflicted with the difcosv on lua
I an la, and afler anplrihg the remedy a rerv abort lime, naiai;
lea) than one tenth of the box, the d> aired eff.ct w aa produced
and the cure complete. aincc which time there hay been no letu'U
of the complaint. Youra. reapeetfully.
JOSEPH C. bTANTUKY.
New York, Oct. 17, 1840. 66 Drlancy atreet.
Mraara Kouac and Perking?Hrving heard fro n one of my
friend* at McDunough, 'hat you had an iufalllble remedy for
the Salt Rbeuin, I procured acme lor iny wife. Sue had brer
troubled with the con pi out li?e or an yeara aii-l I am haoio
to iuorm you that the remedy haa e uirely ured her. All I
aave to aay ta. it any prraon ia afflicted with tioa wor't of all
ompl unta. buy and use ' Satid'a Remedy fur the Salt hheitm.*
The above certificate wan aeul to our Agrnt, Uouac U Per
kina, Oxford, Chenango co N Y
Prepared and auld at wbo'c ale and retail, by A. B. A D
"Hnd?, Pru^gia', 76 A 100 Kultou atreet, N. V.; nlno by David
Sanila 6c Co. 77 K.aat Broadway ; Abrm. B. Sand* A Co. 27!
Broad ?ay ; aRoaold by Drayitiat* generally tliruuithout tin
United State* dlfc rin
I'Ht LAHUIdrf TMP. U'tAl'hJl,
AND BEST ASSORTMENT t)Y
W I G S ANI) SCALPS
ahx to or Korivu at
V. CLIRKHUGH'S.
Mr BROADWAY, ENTR ANCE IN VULTON ST.
T IF mauy attempt* that are daily making to inutata Utaai
celebrated wig* and tcalp*. are juat m many proofi nl
.ha liigh clraractrr they hare attained, and the eatitn itioo thej
iea held in by the trade. Rut the public will oboarrt tliat C. u
'.ita oncnal tnaarr in lhi? o-amtry of
X11E VENTILATING AND GOSSAMER
VV 1 G S A N 1) S C A L P S,
WITHOUT HKT.1L1.tC *1'K1\G8.
in! that all other* are but feeble attentpta at imitation, waaf
.ig the 2'Uitia to divine or direct the principle nu which thej
ire mad* to lit. and the ahill and practice t* execute.
4II wcarera and couiHoaarura are invited to mapect liia
HKADS OF HAIR,
which for elegance. Iightne**. and durability may be elaaaw
tmuiiC the firat productiona of modern art. In their manufac
aire Iney iliHcr from all othcra ma le here. The hair la aingly
HMerted.and an e<|ua)ly distributed aa |r api? ar piat laauini
hem the akin they cover no more of t:ie brow than the Datura
icir dor*. and having no r"-ia!'ic apring, aH (tiaac're. able nrraf
l-e < obviated. Kor * outherri elriftte they are meatimkble
K hue -in > i i i-'r i
Sruamrr. meinli*'< of <'iugrc?* anil Kriitliintn from *r*r)
lUS'lcr of til*ooi'otry, who ar? now wrortsig t'.'a wiga.cao bi
f*rrrd 10.
**h? prim# will h? fount) to I in I th* rircumat ,i?r?a of *1
M ?'*
Rf.M6VAI-.-J POAkkOLLX Old r-.U0lioi.ru oir.itr.ai*
Vapor Batha are rruioreil fmm tl J aiuatrrrt t > 2S Court
lliJI ?trn t Mra.J P. < u ' I r. lurin tl . ika to the l imit;
articular!/ anil tP-pnMic in xrnrral. for the lilteral auppor
atanded to thi* aatabliahmrnt for ll.? larl f.f t*rn yara.ani
I0|ira by Iter aamiluitv and aft*ntiofl. to mrrit a continuance o
lit lain*.
Th* BMhaareopanfrom lo cloea .nlli* morula* till lo'clocl
ttniilil.autl arr u*"i witli nr.. Ii aucceaa in all aujilrn coltli
h?um?tia?*,*roup,fcc. Uc.ta which th*y afford iu.roc.imt* r#
i.f Tratmioniala ofthtir *fflc*cy ran lie arm at th* mtabliah
D?ot from the following emiaei.t phyaiciana Doctor* A. H
V. Mott, B'wli, Bu) il, M<ic??>tn,Khm?Hniler,N*il*oc
^mith, Ireland. Ktaaain,Borrow*, Vaudcnbergh, Jtc.kc. 8ul
>)iur ami Shower IJalKa can It* l. ttl it all tnnca Portable Vapw
Jatlia, Bathing Tuba, and Hit B itli*, for **!? or Kir*. Bath
i?nt to any part oftherity or Brooklyn Syrup of Haraapmll
nd Lirarwort. ?r frrab rr.m <h? Shaker* mtr
s vv;r i1,1^ v
SHERMAN'S
POOR MAN'S PLASTER.
I 1Q1 cent* only, anil warranted the bolt Plaater ii
i I dvB iiar for pain or woaknoif in the bark, loin*, ildi
br aal or aav part. f to* hodr ul-o
RRUKMATNII AND LUMBAOO
ft * ft. r<N im nnliv* ait! ast >ui*hme r? )ir(. kuH *11 *ho I??t<
p?rr . .r.of ihrn never wt%r *tiy other. they are ?o tity km
pte**?i?t vui nif to Boon fl#e that the euuvtur** of A 8her
mvn, M. P., with ;iTintfJ tiincti'iiif for une i> dii (lit hick o
ar*<1 buy 11*11* other, tr.me pe*e<>0? bat# been ba?<
eiicu/ti to iIut upon the pnbWe * wortnlrre immititioo, tho#?
wn ? ?ell them will ha* tneir aurnn piMi#h*,| noleM ibtr lie
, "it, rrprate<l complaint* Knee Wn made by pertoii* who him
Ihue been irnpo?r?t np. fi |0? Nmatti etreet
agent*. 1M JBowrry. 77 Cmi BhivImv ?i Hhecker.ttT Hu?l
, now tree!, Raaht-n k A*v?n wall.and i** Fulton *t reft. Brook
W* rU
i ISLAND OF CUBA.
' To|ln?alola and ptnoM of dehcatr health >ho riait tt
Ulali J.
j t Ha?*i?a, 1 Bth Par. 1141
1 | T ha? long loeo > metier of regret lo the inhabitants of II
city, that uii ihr aim.I of invalid* trim the Inned Stat.
J witie letters ot introduction, it liaaietrr beau in their puw
* to recommend I lie in * tin tab e leeidiur- in the country
' has, therefore, hieu necessary foreucii pernors, either to 11
1 up their ab-d? in the o.laiutuwu r.here the unite and hi
r tie ol lean drd 111 y. an I the wul of ihe pure atinnei he
and < aim te tir> mem ol a Ci untr> lift prettiil their derive
' that h urfit. fiuat ihe chanyr of climate, which they natural
' expect, ortlu y are compelled to yo to placre tu the countr
' wine no adequate prcpacatmu lue hetu made lor receiru
' them, ind where the apar'mcuta, aeromin. datione, iud ma
' nei of living air ill uo nut calculated lor persou* m a de
' cate etale of health.
Krnm adut ronaid-ration of thia want, and of the ere at It
nefii that would bedimed by luvalnle who seek to reya
their In alth in the mild and tantHniil climate of I'nba, if
t suitable ab.de etu uld le provided for them, tbe enhe ribe
' a medical practilii nrr, tony ntablt-lied iu lb* city, haeappr
p-iated his beautiful coffee est te,called the Buena Kaperra
t xa, aituat d in the most healthy and rmanti' part ol tl
country,eo as to for n a residence equally agreeable and atlia
e tire. In order to carry out this ill entiou to the fullest relet
1 thai proleaaioual knowledge ami a long experience <f the e
fecit of tropical climtlea muld a'taiu, no pauia haee b'l
pared to form an ratanlithn ml which affords to the inval
aa well aa to l'ie healthy lipildr every rational e joymrnt tli
can be derived freun dweluug in the inild'at climate, aurroun
1 e.l hv the moal m, hire.ane vrpetation. Tbe pmill it I ,1,1 out
t the beautiful utile-f ac?tfr? evta'e. coinptiae about lite hu
Jrrd acre*. Thr bur- * Eaperanza id Mtuated ? it the aoui
Me of Ilia wland. and ia tknv, in a great ineaaure, ahrltrri
fr< in the dully wind* winch low and then blow from ll
I north, during thr winter niantha. The dietrict la which
lire hat brrn.from it* eitreinr beauty, termed the Wiuda
of t uba. Thrhouvrha been built with ciery attention
I thr.r comfnrli an iiidi*[eu>a>>lc In invalid*, and of which tl
tmildn K< of hi? eoaulry ?? " drititute. A'l thr room* hai
' boaidednoora and gl?a< window*. The calabliahment i <
thr I n>tii>B of that of * private family, nf which the gin *
form part.MHI thtmer v<? fdUM In mr, and without b
> nig cutiliin d to th-rr rrgulatioua which are uecraaary *t h
> te'a. la thiaei t(hli?hn<*it the invalid haa it tu hi* tower I
vary lie aniunrimi.U hv walking iu the *hady or a i
mango aud palm ' rxa, tiding mi horreback or in vnlaota-, i
> nil: g the 'eighboring eatate*. ?<> thirlily aprrad thr ugh tl
> popnloua country A large aiigar eatatr, cloac at hand, atfori
an nppcrtunily of driukiuv the hot cane juice, while the au
rounding wood*formth anuiaein-nt to thr aportaman.
The auhacribcr'a aumerouafamily re-idra couaiantly on H
premier*.
The Hnrna Kaprranra ia aituatrd about thirty-live mil
f eouth weal of Havaua the route w hich rroaara a moat levt
country iaaafolliwa From Havana to B'jucal, IS mile* i
the railroad?Irom Btjucal to Burna Kapeiauza, 30 mile* on
carriage road. It occupier about bare hour*,
i By application to tin aob crib-r, at hi* reaid-ure in Havau
< No OS O'Krillry at, like party cau be forwaided to the e>U
wihut delay.
i All perrtoiia applying are expected, if not prevroualy knew
to bring au introduction from tome reageclable niercauvt
houte of thu city.
I DWARD FINLAY. M U.
I alle de O'Reilly, No. OS.
I hare vmiled and anent a ah- rt time at the eatate of tir Fi
lay. d acribed to the above letter, and moat fully concur
i every atatemMit there made an t > the Burna E.perauia. 't
not aurpaaard for be uty of aci nrrv and a liralthy location I
any place which I have aeru m Cuba, arid tin uumeruu* fa r
of Dr. Ktnlay moat ag eeahlr and intell dual, and the Kngii,
t Krtnch.and Spa rah langnagra. are all apokeu by arveralmei
bera of bu family. ySigued)
R. J. WALKER
In addition t? the above tratimony from the Hon R J Wal
er, thr diatingnraherl U A. ,-ruator, reference may he made I
thraubirct to E. C Drlavau. Ear) of Alban ; J BloodgoEaq.
of Mobile; (ienl Tallin-d,.e, ol New York, and hit ao
in-low, Mr Van Rrunaelaer, of Albany; Hon. Judge Boyce,
Alexandria, La. and Henry A. Cait, of New York.
jt I wdlettw*
IJIftTMEN'S - BALL.?The Ball in aid ?f the New >01
" Eire Dejia tment Fund, will take place at the Park Thra'i
on Monday evening. Jan. 3|*i. Tickna $6. j6 iawSw
NO i'lc'E ? The aubii-nberu reducing hi* large aatnrtmr
at unurually low mice*. auch at mu<t plcaae all who wii
to purchaae any articlra. either in the aaddlery and coach but
Le?r, and particularly the following articlra :?
Webbing thread hitta, atirtupa. brlla
Patent leather. R cln'ii bowa. lanina. knob*.
Lace*, lack* robe*, buckcli. binges, axle?.
Springs, caxtiug*. ?c. JNO. 8. SUMMERS,
J 4 MlWSw 130 Water strret.
rpiMBER FOR THE U S. DRV DOCK. BROoKTT;
1 BWN Pr |m *1* will be rrctivtd at theoflic* of I lie N
vy Agent, New York, until the lat day nf April, forfurnia
iigat the U. S. Navy Yard, Rrooklyu, the following limb
plank for the foundation* of the Dry Dck.vii
19(0 spruce pile* of length varying rom24to32 fret?to are
age not leu than 28 feet; and t be uot leu than II and I
average at leant 12 inchea in diameter, 4 feet from the but
rtclnsive of the berk.
13 000 lineal feet white pine timber, foot square for floor tie
ber?.
13,000 lineal feet white pine do, 1 foot by 1 foot 3 inchet squat
for floor timber*.
241.300 feet board measure of 3 inch white pine plank for floo
inf.
75 900 feet board measure of 5 inch yellow piue plank for shei
piling.
All the above timber and plauk (o be of perfectly found an
durable quality.
The ipruce piles te be as straight as can be procured, and i
all respects prepared for sharpening and driving.
The white pine timber to be free from shakes and lart
knots?to be sawed straight and square edged to the rii nensioi
above y iven, and of the fol owii g length*. v t: one half i
each lot to be in slicks 23,25,28 and 31 leetlong. The reman
ir.ghalfof each lot in stick* 31, 97 , 40 and 13 feet long,?th
number of linral leet of each length to be naarly the saute.
The white pine plank to lie entirely fr< e from I irgc knotssquare
rdged?ia length* of 2t. 24,27,30, 33or 86 feet?toav
rage uot less than 27 feet, and in widths f rom 10 to 15, to av
rape not less lhau 12.
I he yellow piue plank to be straight and squire edged, sui
able for driving as shret piling in lengths ol 13 or 20 leet. as
in wi Ith froin 10 to 12 incites?to average no: less than 13 ii
ches.
All the shove tiinberand plank to be delivarek os aurh whaj
or w harfs within the Nary Yard aa may be drsignatid by tt
Engineer of the Dry Dock aibjecl to the inspection and appri
ral of such person as he may select.
Thepihs to beueJiverrd in such quantities and atsurhtimc
between thr 1*1 day of July and the IS Inlay of Octobers
may be requited by the Navy Agent.hr giving uot less than
weeks notice
The while Dine timber to be delivered between the 1st da
cf September hikI 31*t day of Oc'ober, anu
I be white and yellow piue plank between the 1st Octotx
and 80th No\ ember.
The pr tposale will state the prire per stiek for the pilespercu
dc foot for the white piue timber, aud per foot boai
meanure, for the 3 and 5 pine plank.
The risht ?? reeerved to sssign less than the whole quantit
ofench kind of timber t ? *n\ one bidder?and offers will t
received for any portion of either kind.
Proposals to be endorsed, *' Proposals for Timber, for Dr
Dock. Brooklyn "
N. Aeent'soffice. N?w York, . 3d. '849.
ROBERT C. WETMOKE, Navy Ageut.
j8 3tawtAlet
VOl' |?;K..-Tl?e fit in of BAILLY. I* A RD & CO. in th
* ' day dissolved by mutual consent, Laurence A. Milliudi
having withdraw n ftom it.
8. BAILLY,
By AUti. H WARP, Attorney.
AUG* H. WARD.
I.AUHRACK A. MILLANDO!
O. D. WARD, Jr.
Tli. remaining partners will continue the busineti under tl
auie firm.
8, BAILLY.
By AUOS H. WARD, Attoroe
AUUS. H. WARD,
O. D. WARD, Jr.
Nc w York, Dee JMG8IL jl 8W
NOTICE -The President and Direr lore ei the New Vo
aud Albany Hail Rrvad (omtwny, intend to apply to t
Legislature of tliia State, at the no mini session. for ui ameii
meat, alteration aud ettensiou of lltr charier ol the aaid cot
l*S/ew?York. Not. U. 1841. nU law l?
FEMALE MONTHLY PILl^
PREPARED BY MADAME COSTELLO, No. at L-is
MraBistU
Theae Pills are a<know!edcrd by the first physicians in t
United Stales as the eery oest medicine that ladies laborii
under a suppression of their natural illness can take, and thi
very seldom fail to relieve when taken according to the dire
tioiis. Those who call for them will be supplied with her c
rular, containing ample direct ions, and all the precautions i
eessary to be unserved in their use. Advice gratia. Office
Lispeoard street did lm*
G" ~0'.Li LEAK, nl J. U.riatFsK clory.SSS Peirl siree
Frankliu i<piare, under Hooper's Looking Glass Stores
Kitradeep g>ld, per pack. *?5
Usual gola, do 7 00
Tale gold, do 28
Dee p gold bronae, |?er 01 28 00
Pale gold broLse, do 25 00
Copper brot r-s, per oi. from $1 to 2 00
Two firm tat- mo Id* f i salt. dtfl Im1
MADAME RESTELL,
FEMALE PHYSICIAN. Otfico and resi'leucc I4S Or.<
wich itreet. where .he ran be consulted with thr strict)
confidence on all complaint* inridcut to the frmalr frame.
Madame Hratell't mode of Irratmrnt in all caac, of irrc|
larity or inppression of tiioac fenctinm of nature upon win
| thr health of every female depend*, it auch Ma to requ
I but a few ilayi to ctfect perfect cure. Ladir* desiring pro)
. medical attendance during confinement or other indispceith
will lie accommodated during ench lime with pm-ata and
il>eetahle board. * Preventive Powders" for married lad
whose delicate nr precarious health forbids a t-o rapid mcrei
cf family, will he .cut by mad to any par1 of the United Stat
Price fs a parkace All letters (poet pud; addressed to 'b
P48, N. Y. city,'wall he received.
Bo.ton Other No 7 K.iaev at. &t lm
COUNTERFEIT.
I FEMALE MONTHLY
PILLS.
OWING to the celebrity, efficacy and invariable merer.
Mail one Ke.tell's Emmie Monthly Pills in all cues
irret ul .nty. etipj" rraion, or tto|>|>age of those fiinc'iona
nature upm whuh Hie health o( ec.ry female de|>endt, sir
their luiiodurtiou into the l.'nned Stales, now at mm lour yea
counterfeits ai.d imitations are continually attempted to
| p.isnrd off lor thr genuine. Cheap cninoiou t ill* are |?jrel
ard at twelve sent, a l?o?. put ut> iu difltient bote*. and call
"Female Monthly Pills," wr.h the object of *< Hint, if pos.th
at one dollar hr males are thetefure cautioned against tht
attempts to impose upon tliem. It is .uffiCKiit hers to $i.
I that all K-ma'e Monthly Pills are cnuut, rleits. eieept the
sold at Madame Keslel 'a I nn' ipul OA ?, I Ml < irretiwtch I
t Madame Uratell'a rigtiaiure la written oil the cover of aa
1 bo*
N 11. The married, under aome circumataucca,muat abatj
frotn thrir uae lor rcaaniir contained in the direct toua. dT In
K? M. .V UAllUNb.K'iTlMJIAN HAL>A Viol Lin
woi t and iloxrhnund haa e uord x gir il r?| utatior icr t
' cure ol Cougha, co da. ami all diaeaaea of the l.unpa. whoop,
, wA ytitfim, ?r> tfwwat h??r comp'amta. fcc Ithvahr
ii etlmatvr uae in U nion for the fast ten jrirt, and ta m
r comnw mlrd by the medical lai uliy. Il I* * ell known to
g (he tx at preparati' n for the cure oj crni;h? ever introduced
the Aim rican public It la no quack irri icine, for evidence
Ita i ffuari, rtail the directo na what thin bn'a^nt haa roue I
1 Wen F. llamJen.of the Boeti.n. New York and Philadrlot
i 'C*|neaa. Aleo Amoa Wet atrr, Thomai H akinnjr , K. fit
Ion, ?*rid Watrrburv, and Mra. I, Howard Rte piacea
eaiih ncr on the directim* For a tie iu Boatoti by M. Brow
I Wellington atreet.
Sol>! in New York at wholeraV and refail.hr A B. A
*ANt)S,-<lrueifi*t, 7? an.I 110 h iriton aIr?t ; Darid Saiola
>-77 K.aat Bieadway ; Abi'm U hande Si Co ?73 Tlron
FASIIIONA HLK ROOT ST
' "PHK anhaenher retime hie ?iiicere thxnka to l.ia ftient
' 1 cuat.itn?ra, and the public generally, for the liberal pntrr
' age which thry have braiowedon him finte hia cotnnieiiC" me
in biiamraa, and aeaiirre them that no l inn on hia part ahall
w id lie to merit a continuance of the earn*. Hrhaaeucceed
in a<Lditii>n to hi.i preaent aterk in obtaining. at ronaidrral
ett^nac, for hia Fall ai d Wi, |er trade, a lot of the very lu
Qimlily of Krrurh Calfehin. which for aoflnri* and durabiti
cannot he rieclled. Me haa tlao on hund a quantity of oat
iwoof Knelieh aole leatlicr. which he can rteo-nmrnd aa a t
, perior artiile for cork and donble aota water proof boolj.
He would > |eo elate that he takea wramiiige of tlie feet, a
' haa laete made to auit etch raetonoi Oentl-mrn who rc
he deatroua to obtain aupe<ior hoota. and a g ud fit, are reepefatly
inv H'd to live the aubarriher a trial
! n.30 lm JAMES WA' KK.R.IM Brovdw ay
IJOLlslflMr 1 l.t'TMMor raaihje mauut.iciuran, lor ai
i " W rKRSSE * BMCOKS.il Lihertr a'.
100,000 L.*
Sorm*, and for awla by
nff lie M fl M Ohatha-w
OKCOMB MA >l> IKfVN *A * US, in good order, lor aa
?* tor low a( thr Iron Cheat Warchoitaa ' f
S. c HRRJIINO.
4 ji |S? Water ttreef
N'OTIOE u hcrtby given,fhtl thr |..il. ?ii Slock Ctrl
ictlea hift been ateleu in Ucrmwr, it u tup|??ed h
penooa on the ete of an iurnting 'o the United Sutea, wher
in nil probability. they mil attempt lo negotiate the mmr
iu All perioue ere cautioned not to |urch?eethc nmr, aa n w
t eurei Inee been takeu to etop pnj nirut nf iht cou,oqi, or i;
M' teieet and priuripul when due, vie
I, htuaeeldorl ana Klberleld Railroad bond*. with eoupoua I
i, 1844 ?u BoiuU o' ll>? ru doliare each. No. 21UI to SIM, N
w. IN to tat; No. a074 to 4083; No ills! to Sunn
rt Ku.?rm S per ceut bond* with Hope It Co of AmutertLr
?2 4th lo <u, nine boude of SOU lUblee each. No. 53?u to No. 638
|. without coupons.
y Hanoverians |?rcmt Bonda of 1830. with c?u;>or.s to 184
?u No 30 to n. three bolide of 100'j ru dollar* rach; No. IS
4,. No US I A, N'o. US I B, tliree boiulu of Svo ria dollars c,oh
ji. Uoode of Pruaaian Loan o< 1830, at 4 per ceut in Kuglan
with c>ii|>nne; 13 bonde of ?|10 each. No. liM, 1312, >31
?. 1374, 1(77, MM, wn DCS. 15,344 lo 15.348
,u Should any of trie above bonde be offered for salr, pereoi
ii to whom they nay be offered are requested to etcp the aan
,r and give notice to Oelriclia 5t Kroner. 4U Bi> ad street wh
will m?e tlie loreaearv security, and pay all n aaowable e:
pence*, ou recovery of lite whole, or aay part thereof.
)f> mri im*
v MARTIN VAN BUREN.
^ATE years it whs generally remarket that Martin Vi
. , Buren'.vasalways placrd, gentle, and good naturei. Tr
umph never evered, or defeat decree-ed nim, bat he alwa)
, ? eec led perfectly ?t hie ea?e;and when the
PREBiDEN'l IAL ELECTION
Ju went against him, he took it as calm as a summer morning. 1
short nothing could turtle hi in. Now. gentle reader l he r?i
L/] s#?u of this was Ihst he was a constant patron of PETER*
PILLS, which h*ve such a marvellous effect in hannouiziu
v the system, that no man who takes them van have bad blood, ?
11 be iiillueuccd by micer. passion, sorrow, despair, and a host (
,r other evils Ui d fl-sli (iiufirotf rted by Peter's Pills) is heir t<
iiuieeeu, ii auininisicrru m umvicui uo-es, n is csiimairu in
'* the) would make it tiger Hi the sama time strong a* a lion an
gentle u a lamb. We are led to th?ie remark* by the opening <
CONUHhhS,
onder the hope that it tnay indu'e the w arm-Mooded membei
' to betakethemielves to these tills, which will enable Hum t
?" go through their labor* in a calm passionless mousier, and the
J"f prevent am repetition of tlm?e st-rucs ol rowdyiain whi*
have eo olten disgraced the n itioual assembly. l i ter'* fill
are aKo wonderfully ellicariou* in the prevention of
! 1NHAMTY.
" and altogether the beet thing we know for the making of fonn
conatitiition* and gieat phiio*o|>hei(.
feter'i fill* may be obtained at In* office* <59 Ernadwa)
corner of (irand,aud at No. 90 North Sixth atreit, I'hilade
pliia. dll lm*
I, T\K RICHARDSON'S SHERRY"WINE BITTERS.>0
l-* Kicha duo*'* Bitter*, ad'ertiaed hi auu hn column, at
* highly spoken of in thi* vicinity by geutlen cn who air not i
the I abit of drinking bittern, (any more than I lie pond gitl ?i
A of going to meeting ) for the pleaaur* of it. Vk e haven
I, male for llirte Ihtnga ourselves, being quite bitter enough a
ready, avillaviit the aid of rue, wormwood or qinatia Neve
n, iheleaa. if afflicted with the prevalent disease* euuinerated i
]f the advertisement and ob igod tn become either a " | ii| awa
low er,' or abibbler. we rlmuld lie iu< lined to call at Gr<ntl
and inquire 'he way to " health and atieugth"of Doctor Kiel
nrvlaon ?Exeter (N. H.) New# Letter,
n ritKaatr Wihk HS-rima.?Theseare arrin-'dy very highl
in and very ;u,lly recoinmended by physicians a* of gre it i the,
i* cy in giving Hlrength to the weak andalrbilit.atrd. The car i
jy j ear? h i? satisfactorily proved thnr t imes. IJutim lured b
ly 'he aliglilea drlrteriou# matt-r, they eommuilicate the healin
y, power -of the beat medicinal roota and plauta They reator
n- and, ifnot Ijaid aside, preserve>he whole animal economy in
aiaie of habrtnal lii-all hiuess. They caunnt be too frequeutl
commended l? public notice hy juet eucoiniuui* from the pre*
k [A B It D. Sands, 79aud 100 Kultou street. Agents
vn (R^- I" speaking of the exeellenceof the Sherry Wine Bi
at, eera,of which Mews. A. B k D. Sand* are agi nta, we meai
ii- those prepared by Dr. H. O. Richardson, of South R- adiui
of Mas*.?Eve ' gnel, N. Y.
Sold at who.-aate and retail, by A. B &D. lauds, Dnq
gists, 79 and 100 Kultou at.; David Saudi & Co 77 k aat Broai
m way A bin. B Sands it Co 773 Broadwoy ; Cndrfngtou. TV
llndaon atreet; Mors, 591 Grand, comer of Canuo r si ; Riu|
' Mi Brsway dig im*
FNDeED luuumerable are Die sulfirers w bo foolishly i
J1. 1 deceived when applying to quacks aud pre'endera of mrd
' cal know ledge, and are thus bawboazlrd of toeir raouey andtl
'* precious lime, which might have suffered to alleviate theirrcruristmg
disorder by the skilful treatment of a scieulif
practitioner, miglit be happy euongh to consult Dr. OLlVk
of 197 West Broadwaj, near Canal street wiere they willol
tain the most confident assurance of a speedy and prrmanei
reli- f, without the p< -nieinua and incnnuoihng use of inercuri
_ balsam copavi, spirits nitre, cubebs. itc ; reference will also t
gi< en to many cured of the mosl serious distemper* d 10 I in'
DEST vtTHlNTKOR LADIES AND (Jc.NTTT.ME,'>
' R 573 Broadway, opposite Niblo's Garden,?This Krs'ai
rant i* above the Ire Cream Saloon. Ladies will find, at thi
establishment, a private eating room, aud a kill of fare lui
plied with every thing that the market can afford?the Bill
' scriber*hope by their punctuality, giving all sasiafaelion t
' the per* n that will give tlrem their patronage. Private rom
g,- StuB^nkrlui rati he had.
All ortleiareceived to send out?dinner parties, halls, aoireei
Sit. ornamental pyramid ; all kinds parrots of sugar, rhar* u
liberty. fancy cakes, Charlotte rusfe, jellies ice cream, bit
tuila, glaees.nombea agreuadis, the only manufactories,Stc,
On hand, truffts, pate de foiea gras, and the perixutuy, |*
. tits poia. champaignena.
b amilies will tad, at any time, a variety of diahea ready t
, j aend out. Their pricea will be moderate.
Id MAQNAN fc JITLIEN,
lu jt lm* French Cooke and Confectioner!.
rIK PRIVATE TREATISE.?Tide ia a little volume o
certain diacaaee iu which the beat and moat conreuiet
meana of cure are etated in the ptaineat poaaible manner. I
" also shows the reaaon why theae maladiea ao frequently coi
Unue ou from month to month,uncurcd. and terminate at leugl
>e ui other and permanent complaiiPu. Indeed, no one can rea
this httle book without seeing at once their true and real u;
ture. and aiao llie riek and danger of trusting them to iguorai
' and bo .sting people.
e With a view, however, to obtain a rational degree of coal
deuce in what he hae advanced on the cure of thoae diseases, it;
t- author Ihiuke it proper here to give a simple statement of th
>d mean* and opportunities he himsotl has had of forming just an
a- clear opinioua ou thia subject. lie therefore begs to state, thi
besides his rank as graduate of Kdiuburgh, and member of th
rf Loudon College, tie. be h?a been watching theae diseases, bot
>e in Hospital and city practice lor more than thirty years, an
>- has published two eilitioaa of a work evpreasty on them. Alii
that he has letters of commendation from the moat eraiuei
' physicians in Europe to the ir.ua' eminent in America, as Si
>a Astlev Cooper to Dr. Mutt of New York and Dr. Pliysick,<
I Philadelphia, and others, and which may be seeu by any out
And further, that he has the prisilege of referring to almos
f every ph\aician of emiucuce in thia city. These are circuit
stances which afford the highest satisfaction to every one, ri
' pecially to thoae who are anxious to obtain the beat advics.The
price of the book ia $1.
- Dr Ralph ia consulted at hia residence,88 Oreenwieh strvr
d at nny hour, and has distinct and separate apartments lor tin.a
who nave to wait a little. ConunumcMiou* by poat are faitj
y fully reolied to. dlt lot*
* nN E CURK OS" STRICTURE?It molt uuforti
v U nuts iu this complaint that many persons have a strrr
tnre who are not m the least aware of it. The common none
is, that so loii^aslhe unoe passes in a tolerable stream,thei
cannot be a stricture. But this is Cr from Ime A strictui
may. and often does, exist for months, and even years, withoi
? proJacuig sny atrikiug change In this reelect. n hen a strii
" tore arrives at thai degree onnarrowness a? sensibly to irapc
* the urise, it is a serious malady indeed. The object of tlioi
remarks however. i? lo prevent this state, and tn attack it at
time when ft is easily and perfectly removed. But there hi
other circumstances besides its effect iijon tl.e urine by whic
.. a stricture may be kuowu.or.at least, strongly suspected, an
* though these are numerous, there are-l wo which are very con
inon and very easily judged of, and these shall be uicutionr
i here.
w The first ol"thess circumstances relates to time. It is we
hnowa that sliictures arise from long continued and kadi
greeted tionorThda Now, whenever this disease coutinco
over many weeks, especially if iu the early period any of ti
boasted nostrums of the day were taken, there is juit and pr
per giouail to suspec a stricture.
The nevt is most remarkable?R is the effect a stricture h
rk upon the mind and sprite. This is a lact that may he th
he rough!) relied on. Indeed tlie author never saw a case ol at ri
d- ture, (ami lie aees many every day.) in which the paiient d
n Uot, more or leaa. complain or Itia loss of mental energy?> hi
he was not to capable of btisincsa as formerly The ri son
this, howevtr, is clearly ahown in Ins " Private Trr.due,"
< liitle volume noticed in another column of this paper, and
I. whirb ihe reader is ref?rred, uot only f >r knowledge of Ui
t- disease, but on every other connected wiih this subject.
UK. RALPH fuilher begs tn aihl. that lie may he C' usnlti
lie pereouall) a* his reside ace, No. M Greenwich street, at nr
ug hour : and should any he in douht as to the evistruce of th
ev disease, especially after perusing his little volume, he wi
if . without evpensc orthe least pain, eiplaiu and *?sure him wh
ir. ther he havi or not. Let it only be remembered that, if he i
e ally has a stricture, not all the mediciue iu the world, alor
M tHB twt cure it. dig im*
L_ rpo BHEWEKR AND DISTILLERS.?The subscribe
't 1 offer for sale all that valuable property, situated iu Aulrur
and known as Watson and Son's Brewery ana Di'tiiltry.w i
a Dwelling House, outbuildings, machinery'and fixtures cc
urcted ih-tewilb. Said prop*rty consists of about two aer
ol land, lying on the south "side of the Owasro nvrr in sa
village;* brick dwrthrig house, a dwelling house, a <1 s 1111 e
capable of dislilling 150 bushels ol grain |ier diy, a large a
couveuien brewery aud malt house, with two kilns 9i fe
' square, and ample storage for 20,000 bn-hels of grain, a bar
sheds. stride, pen* lor 590 hogs, and an < fli e sit uteri therm
Conneetrd with the distillery and brewer) there is a men
engine of 90 horse jmwer w ith two cylludr Js-arn| Ir maehine
tn foi gnuding, aad a superior rectifying establishment, contai
tst ing ore of John Wright's patent alcohol cop;wr still*.
The whole rstablwhuieat is of a superior k ind, well finish
[u and convmient in all its arrangements, situated in a rich ai
rh flourishing grain growiu^ country, is now iu com; Icle ordi
ire ami in full 0|<eratir n.
>er It haeing become necessary to sell the same in consequen
n, of the ileccwse of II. Wats< n it w ill be di?n. s<l ol at a bs
re grin One third of the purchase incmr y will be required
irs the delivery of the Heed, and the balance inay belcltuuko
'?e and mortgage for a t?rm of years it drsi-ed.
es, For rMerenee inquire at Wm. Leiteh's, T? Hudson strn
ox New Vork.or of the subscribers in Auburn, N. V.
, r . . . GEOKG". r I,FITCH.
r_ dl?? ' it. * V. WATSON.
VJILVKR PLA I K.-WM THOMSON li9 William ?trt,
continue* to macular tore Silver Ware of ev? ry drecripti*
of thr laie*t pattern*. and I *-now on han* tea a*tti r If
pot* pi cliei* cupa.waiter*, forki, tpoon*, < f licli a* well
of thr piano *t at\ Ira. Thr whole of thee artic t?.being no
ufartured UI'OII the premim a. from eterling mvrr. no J kirn
, eipenar will be aparrd in the beauty of liie workm.iuehip.
o!
?l (S?0 nilll HEWAHD will he paid for th' arrfit ami cc
ice ?JJ)eo,VJUVl eiction of MAlJtllCK PITCHER, and the r
K. cuvery of Thirteen Thou* ud File Hu.idrnl Dollar*, obtain
be bv him from ?ondry bank* in thin rity on forged rlerhn,
a fine tkou>and do Into on hi* conviction, ami One Ihoueaiid f
ed the money,or in proprrtinn for any part thereof.
I*. Said Pitcher in ab< at 19 j ear* of are. 5 fee t ? or 7 nrhe* hig
:?e ha* a florid cnirplen h and rrddian hair, for* or intl.mro ey<
lie and (are much covered w ith pimple* or blntriu ? It i?p nbab
> ? that be I* accompanied by a > nm.ger brother of nearly .lie a an
It. height, about IT year* of age, dark coinplraiou, dark eye*, ai
dark btia'ny hair.
ch It I* aaeertaiii'd that Maurice Titeher purchaaed of J. By
vr?lrr. in Nrw Voik.a Hill drawn by hitn en J. Hult, Son
lin Co., London, f.>r j?lC*3 atriling. to the order o( Maurice V*
'* leurouft. llie payment of which hae been mopped and th* pn
,r. lie are hereby cauttunrd againet boy in (the aaine.
L W PXTTON.Jr.ra.hirr.
?! J. B. TREVOR, C?*h er.
,n Philadelphia. Dee. 10. I9IL dl? *<?d9w
11 T ET every tub *tand upno Ite own bottom, a am a aaurtet
, IJ thr olden time, to aome pretender*, who richly deaerv
, the a.irv uni?but had he lived at tkepr**ent |4nnd. he con
nave applied it, with more propriety, to certain tailor*, wl
llTecl to traii*act buaine** rorcaah only, at <0 per cent belo
'* .he price* of the retpeetabl* member* ofthe trade.one of who
,r; i|U it hi* old cash y?tem, that he hae followed (or three year
"< (Jit upen *och boasting! fohy. CHARLES COX. at the *i.
D* >1 the Ooliko FbifcCt curnei uf Kujluti AuW Numwu trvet
p. who ha* nuraned it for almrwt an a$e, it the father, hterally tl
'J. father,of the ea*h ivatem.?and. tf yru talk of cloapn. <a. I
* "can month it with tli* beat of ye"?but that i* not hi* view
the matenatr. ineeiceiie net 01 iiniiidirn.ua ma wiiram anrni
i ind tjn aMnfar tion he irieea to Hie euetomera. arc the main
ectaot hie ambition. Hiecaeh ii'ttem.uil hit remarkably lo
nrieea.ar' too wrll known to nerd comment Kerry new an
la, ail bniuta him the fnahiona and elotbaof ttir moat approti
>o- rtylca. Talk of your 40 percent.and your yearling aratrm b
ut fere old folka!?tut. tut, mau.mend before you prrtciidto Miak
be it leaat. learn to " lat arete tnh atand im Ha own bottom ** <i
'* I Of KS, LOlTKS,LOCKS.?ANDKKWrt J* .MAI.1 Kit fc
"* Ij f. m'nned Hii?il Wheel Lock# and f ombmtioii Tad', ek
_T|?rrr auperior Locke, conaiatuif of Store, Door, and lion
'* Lot k?; l.oeka for lr?n f heate; Book Safer.fcc : night 1. .t*'
eat are decidedly ail,*ri ?r to anjrm market. Whil.. aerl.et
IU" gimple in th-ir operation and uae. Ihry arr equalled h aafrl
. kv no oilier hock, and only aurpaaaed hv tl.e relrbrated (' r
binelion Look of tk? aame inventor. The prinrin r . n ? ? ?
"f tbe\ are ronatrncted la entirely new, and it ia bi lier-r! In I
MMqutiltd in utfnedin*. at a trifling e^at, tkr m-ut -u l? ?
runty The petee of atot* door Loeka ate fg to filSiat l
i_ Pull. cka. *1 to f II the doaen
de A auperior article of Padl. rk< for R til Hnadr an4 ah |.1r ti*
worthy the ato niton of prraona intereated in nicli Lutniea
Kor aale, ui aay qnanlit?. to the trad' or for nitrate u?e, I
wadsworth it smith.
Hi4 Atenfa fee the Manufacturer# 4 I n?
t /"aAf* flON? Counterfeit HaUinaioter aajea a,r i loa be
s, l_/ I l.t Huhoenb r ta the only pern,.,, wh . I.aa Wilder'# P
tent Salamander I ire Proof Safe for aale.
811.AS T. HVRRI *0.
J| IM Wateratre*4
I- 'I'HK. UMANDKhlH FILLHwi autuaiMl Broadway, ** I
y i Bo> fry, IBS Hudaoj atreet, is I ITS Hccoud atreet, at tt
t. eeuU iter Ix'i, with dirrctiuiu.
(0- cankeh OK THE MOUTH -CC
a Pore niui.th fruin canker. ulcerated or an re throat, puin m
u- thr hrrael boue. are apredil) cund b> a ft? Jo.. ? of BKANL)RKT1I'?
IlLl.h Thrae unpicaaant and painful complaint*
It are all cured by purtfi in* the Hood.
o Seven yrara h??* nearly elapa-d ?iure the Brandretk Fill*
werr Brut introduced by Or. benjamin Braodrrth, into the
n. United hutea,and tie la happy to aa. that thry are atill in fa
, eor with the American public, and that their reputation i* itul
on the ineieaac.
S. It i* acarrely ceasary for Dr. Bnuidreth to aarura hie
. fri'-nda that he eo mora hia nri-mitting care and peraonal atleution
in the manufacturing department of the Hrandeth Pilla;
d. or th ,t they are entirely frtr from I'hnnical or Mineral pre
paraiioua. three facta heme we l known aii-Punderatood to be
o. While Mercury aud bh eding and other deleterioea rente
it dira are becoming more and more unpopular, the Brandatb PtU?
ic air ettei.diuK the aph-re of their uacfuluraa by Ilia apprecaa\u
tiouof a geurroua public.
BRANDRKTH PILLS.
Stcu *\ to the Pationa <>f Brandrcth'a Filta.
New labels.
~ or?" The New Lab la on a aitifle hn of the Oenuine Brandreh'a
Pilla, contain S0?3 lettblu'.ll
In cnnacpience ol the great variety of counterfeit label* of
1,1 pretended krai.dreth'e Tula, a il winch, in many metancee, to
nearly rceemblee. in outward appearance, the genuine of th?
" old atyla aa ollrn 10 deceive! a uu?a y. lioclor Brandrath,
acting under a aanaa of duty to the public. ha* employed thrae
celebrated arti.le. Meter.. rerkine anil I urand, who haveencn
cerilel in rroducine, at great coal, three new libel*, from
a at eel, of extreme Uirficully i f execution, and ol ao complicated
a nature, aa to amount to an impoe.-lbi I'y of imitation, being
? conaidrred by jiidtee a maaier pice in the art of engraving.
' Ttic border of the top, and alao of the under la ?1, ucon'
poeed of the moat elaborate ami cli 'at' pitlerin of lace work,
' To crown the climax of the** h-autiful libel., the paiieroD
, which they are priutnl ii yrevun.ly printed with Red Ink,
'J aftaradeaign ao extuiaite aud ao mini e aa to defy competi
an; the top and the under label each contain the word*
" BENJAMIN BHANDRETHM I'lt.LS." written in red
luk nearly two hundrtd timet?the top and mu'er label con?
taining, therefore, upwarda of fire tlinu.aud letter.,
f There ualao upon the tap, lha under, aud the aida label, two
, lignaturta of Dr. Hr.udreth; one being hu regular eiguature,
thua? B. Braodreth; and the other hta lull aitnature, thue?
Beojtmin Brand'eth; both being fac-ainnlca of Ilia writing of
. Dr. Hraiideth, to imitate which la fnrgeri!
" The llraudraih fill, having bene label, upon them, can be
relied Unou ?a the true aud g-..ulue.
[ Dr. BRANDRETH'S Principal Office. 141 Broadway, N.Y.:
1 other officio New York, l?7 ,iud.on atreet, '174 Bowery.and
175 Second elrert. dir rod lit*
~ nHEUMATI9M EFFECTUALLY CURED.?The *xn
IV traordiuary efficacy of Tilt CHINESE MIXTURE. >
^ effectually carug the moatatvere cur. of Una excraciating
|U diaeaa*. i? uiiparalleled. It I. trnly dt aerving the aerioua noi.
lice of ilie afflicted, for ita application la* uuireraalty been attt'idrd
by the inoat iiguel ?ucc.... In t.atui oy of it. rffice
.. cy.tbe lollowing ia annexed Other*, equally aati.faetory,
" a n be examined at the a to re of MARTIN J. KURST.the
i proprietor, 170 Bowery, New York, the only place in the city
where it can he obtained
Hating been Called upon by Mr Maitin I. Fnr.t to eipreea
, my opiaiou in relatiou to the efficieury of hia remedy for
Hheumati.ra I,cheerfully comply, by atalirg that having ueed
,1 it, I tin not hesitate to declare that it <8 the very brat external
v -pplicatinn for that painful and inyat>rioua diaeaae'hat ha*
' ever come under my n tice. I would alaoetate that Mr.Kuril'*
* remedy haa been uieJ with complete aucceaa by peraout ot my
J crquaiutance, aud indeed, in no instance h ?e I known it to
* fail. JUDGE JAMES B. 9HEYS.
, lag Twelfth itreet.
VNew York, Dec.1l. 1841. dgUlm*
I- TV/f ACIIINK BLANKfcTH AND L \PHNU8 for mile by
it 1" o?T PKR8RK h BROOKS.?1 Liberty at.
rpO LADlEb.?I beg leave to in<orm the fashionable of tht
t- -a fair en, mat I have reduced the pncrsof my articles
J aa lacjea'or opera caps. children's caps, scar:*, aud bags, all o
17 the finest wool, aud of the litest laahiou; aud with them to
5, honor ine with theireharming visits.
Alio, dralera io dry aod lane) goqda, and millinery, wil
,r find it to Ihtir advantage togive a. Vacall, a* 1 want to aell o
the ithole stock which I hare on h%il. awlengvce inanotbet ?
,f kind ofbuiiueai. AUUUbTUS WK.YRAUCH,
i jr 4t* t\ Mt Broadway.
Btt I N 8 M 1 D'8 HOMOI'A fl V'N |VE(IETABLE
PILL8 ? A new fountain of healf, li op-ued and gushing
D forth in healing stream*?a briaht ar'vgioiion? etar haa arisen?
t and m cheering thousands with i? sayed health and life. It ia
r the atar of fliimopaihian inedicn.*. Th-ae pills, let it bedisw
tinctly uuderiti od.cure diaeaae by aspecific homopathian pow'
rr, which initautly pHta a atop to the action aud progress of the
p dilute. A* aoonaa <hey hare operated, you feel that a heavy
load haa been takeu from the body, and the tranquil* buoyant
ja feeling* of health, immediately ipiing up iu ita place. By atop
ing the action of the diaeaae, they reitore health, and atength,
f and appetite, and all the function*, to their natural state; and
0 Hit recovery ia rspid, perfect and complete. Their operation
? on the bowel* ia abundantly free, out pleasant aad natural;
they never sicken the atomach or cramp llie bowel*, but create
1 pleasant ruidagreeable sensations; aad. what ia a great object
( in theaePilla, they are alwayeaafe; they may be taken on all
I. occasiona, and under any circumstances, witl.out regard to
the name of the diaeaae, lor the operate upon the general constitution,
expelling diaease from the body wherever it may be
aeated. livery one who keepa theeepilla by tliem will always
0 have a family physician in hi* own houae, aud when uaing
them may confidently reply upon a quick restoration of health.
They may be had at 87S aud 878 Broadway. 63 aud >30 Bowery.
*6 and 300 Hudaou street, 77 East a road way, 73 Fulton
street, aud 868 Greenwich street, corner of Warren.
n Jl Im*
TVAEOlCAL CARD?Da. Coorxa, No. 18 Duana ft., nea*
iu Chatham at. atill affords relief to the afflicted of both sax
ea. He may be always consulted, with the utmost confidence
in the worst caasa of delicate diseases, mercurial affection* ,
and th* numeriou* symptom* ariung from thi* ducasa. Prom
Dr. Cl extensive practice for the last eight year* ia this particular
branch of the profeatiou, guarantees a *afe, speedy and
effective cure to all person* who apply to him. Recent cases
cured in a few days without the aae of mercury, or any other
dangerous medincine. No interruption from buaineaa, or alteration
in the mode of living. All whose cases have been protracted
or aggravated by maly-eatment, may apply with the
utmost confidence of being effectually cured- Terms moderate?attendance
from 7 in the morning until 10 at night. Office
ia Dunne at. d84 lm*
GLORIOUS WIG VICTORY.
PHALON, late of Chatham Square, new of 814 Broadway,,
haa again taken the first Premium for the beat specimen of
WIGS AND SCALPS. ,
A CONVINCING proof, if any were wauting, that native
ingenuity ia appreciated before f.irtign boasting and humbug.
as the opiniou o' three of the o deet sad heat judges ia
the profession in N?w York can testify. The public can now
judge from the premiums, via. the aitver medal last year, and
1 the first premium this, awarded by the American Institute,
_ who is or ia not the best Wig maker. K. Plialoa respectfully I
sail inJisaa uwd aMfiporg fir* atnmina Ilia rtmmiff m I
, ved OtuiBtf Wif. which. Tor surpassing elegance. close re
? semblance to nature and beauty of met. ham cat euurtuie mae
be I' V>< ' pi c i ,i
.. prc.t if,t
> - . a !.l ;t ' :
f the! . ..
S " '/J V';*, , ] [ /
* for . ' !rr . i. ' ' e
OUg 1 ^ ' ' 'V*
if '' ' ... ' ' 1 L.. ? ,uk
" VbtVARBPHALOW.
Api'lifl on the premises for 25 cente. d 13 lm'
s TO MARRIED LADIES.
'! MAOAMR RESTELL'S PREVENTIVE POWDERS
' 1VI '11,1ft invaluable Powdere have been universally adopted
in Europe, but France in particular, for upwards of thirty
j ear*, as well u by thousanda in thia country, la being the
, only mil l, safe aud efficacious remedy for married ladies whoso
" health forhida a too rapid increase 01 family,
i l M?lame Rest II. an is well known, was for thirt'-jr year*
., Female Physician in the two prmciistl Female Hoepit ls in
|,f E. rope?those of Vienna and Tana?where htrored by her
' gre <t eii>ericuce and opportunities, she attained that eel*I,,
oriiy in those fr-at discoveries in medical science so epe
j. cially adapted 10 the fetna e frame for which her medicine*
now stand unris ailed, as wrll ru this country as in Europe. Her
-,i acquaintance with the physiology and anatomy of the female
1V frame, enabled her?by tracing the decline and ill health of
n,arried fe.nales,scarce in the meridian of life,and the couse
j quent rapid and often apparently inexplicable causes which
?! consign many a fond mother to a premature grave?to their
... true source?to arrive at a knowl-dge ot the primary causes of
,c female indispositions?es|iecially of married females?whsth, in.
' Idoa.ltd to the discovery ol her celebr.ited 'PreveuttVk fow*
? der?.'' Their adoption has be< ? the nirais ff preserving not
rs only the health, but even the life ol many an affectionate with
il, and fond mother.
ill The advertiser freliDg the importance of this subject, isd
in- estimatiug the east heueftts resulting to tlious inds by thai*
es adoption, would most reeiuctfully aron.e the atteutiou of tb*
>id married, by all that tney hold near and tiear,t i I'icouei-le.ra
ry tion. Is it not wise anl virtuous to prevent v il tlo which we
ud are subject, by simple and healthy means w ithm uur control r a
et F.very disnassiouate, virtuous, and en ightened mind willua- 7
ti, hesitatingly answer in the anirmatire. This <s rlt that Mn
in. dame l'-estell ri commends or user recommended. Price iro mi
do.lets a pickege, accompanied with full a.id particular dtree- A
ry tioiis They ciui be fo warded by mail to any part of the Uli- '
in- ted States All letters must he post paid, and addnvsedta
MADAME UEM1 ELL,Female riirstcian. Principal office,
ed 14S Greenwich street, New Yoik. Office Sours from S A-*1
nd to 9 o'clli P. M. Boston office No T Fascist dTlmilJew'
PORTUGUESE
? FEMALE PILLS,
U(j ItrygivTKD sisu rsi:rati:D By
M. DE BOtlDKLOqUE, M. D, LISB'JN. PORTVOAL,.
ft, ri'HE scientific conit'iuaiion of ingredients of which I he to
1 pills are coir|irard. Iisv ?made thrui the wonder and admiration
of the world. The., are known all oyer ^ iieupe to b*
the only pi eparatiou ever discovered that has prorcd invariably
certain in producing the monthly Uiiw. Their crrlaioty,
rl* in ail cases, beii'.g such that tney must sot be used during pregI"
i:aucy, for though mild safe, and healthy, tney are certain lo
ee rruducc miscarinute if used during *Jeat period.
*" I * T.'m directions are translated '? Kwttiiili, and arc eneelspsd
I round with the >e>) of the importer. st?in|ied. Each tea. rca"
,.iu the . .*p.iiir. ?f M. de Bomb looue, and the: English at C."
recnoi.d b its the emu-dure of l)r. F. MEL V EAU, authorand
agent for th< continent of Amend.
They can he transmitted by mail Jo any part of the United
' Staled Letnere directed to Dr. F. Meleeau, bai St, N. T.,
.,1 will meet with immediate attention. Sold by aypeintmant at
??? tie.nd etreet. Cf.rner of Alien. Price Ft. Half botes. 8k
,, No half ho*e? sett by mail.
r itSttm^kw*
5. DISEASE OF THE EYE!
le rplllS may certify I hat I hare will, ie?ed circa performed on J
2 1 the hlihil. eomr of I m Itaanf by Dr. J. KRA.Nt ls.No. fl
10 Barclay direct, New Yolk. and beliree hie pteptralinn far I
. liiaeaer of tie Rye ii one of the greatest hireling* that can be H
T offered to the afflicted, >-u?l hare much pleasure m reccmaiend- H
inn him ad a dale and akilful Oculidt.
" JOUCrH ANDKBK.Homanratholic Pneat, ^
" _dtlljiidhwv of 8t Pet?rji t'hurrh. BarrJaj ?t .
rO PAPKH MANUKACTLkEKS-ih- df.cnr .n~m"
nonce that Meaara Howe k fioddard.of Worie?ier. Mm.
hare appointed them thrir agruld. and are prepared to f.nnalat
? mort notice, upon the inoet reaeonable terms. Foardrimas lad
of "ylender Machines, with fire or (team dryere. and en.utg an
d chines to sise paper in the web as it learee the dryers AJee,
Id ceery hind ?( Machinery appertaining to the manufacture of (aio
per. which in point of workmanihip and finish is not anr| een8
w by any Other estahhahment in this cotintri. A lanje Dumbar US
ra slow in operation in nuiny af the best anils.ta -shorn referent*
? will be Rtrai! for all particulars.
PhuhSE k BROOKS.Paper Wa/ahousn,
s. dWdkw It l.ihertv strasS
ie ????1?
? PUBLISHED DA1LV BY
JAMES GORDON RRNNBT*.
No. II ANN 8TREF.T.
w riRVf or ADVERTISING Tbc mrtentikn e|re?|
?. ktto.i cf ths Hraai.D, both in town and coantrjr,r?>.s?
e ta upi rior cbannol lor advertiser*.
? ro? twh.il llltbi OB UNI
" I day, " so I 4 day*, II M I 7 day*. *1 81 I lOders.M M
fS ? * 76 6 u 1 SO I 9 " 90011" a?9
44 i oo | o " 17i 19 " ? u J ia M a ?
j' roa hunt i.isb* oa lkii :
, ' I wreear |J SO I S months $3 00
l month, I 00 | 6 month* 10 00
07- All advortiaementa to be paid for before their to
I ia~tion
* Advertisement* inaerted in the WrvtLv Hcsalb at *1
? ?er square every in*ertion.
Maaviao H*a*i.n?l??ued every mo'niuc?prleo two
?? ?/? per copy. Country fubecril or* furnished at tha
I same rate, for any (pecHlc period, or remittance la
,y ?jr?nee. to paper *ent.unleea r?|d |n advance.
Wbsblt Ear alb?Issued every tatordey nentif, at
_ sine o'clock?price iixcvnlw per copy furnJahed to eonal
t. Ty subscriber* at M per anaam in advance.
CeaaasreenaitTi are requested to addreea thetr Utteat
a Jamba Ooabob Iiswm, Proprietor and Editor i and al
a dera an buwines* most be post pod