WH
f'???
TH
Vol. V1I.?IIO. ?95.?WhoU Mm. IOCS.
I'
AOUNTIi
For me rv? x nc? *m ?uc v
Bosto* Qeorge W Redding.
[ FmuDiurHit G. B. Zieber.
New Orleans John F. Curat k Co.
Baltimore William Taylor.
Pittsburgh, Pa II. G Berford.
Providence, R.I . John Green.
Wica, N Y J B. Loak.
Albany. N. Y J. 8. Barber.
Norwich, Conn Morgan Satford.
Cincinnati, O C. Tohey.
Washington, 0. C O B Zieber k Co.
Mobile, Ala John F. Corns k Co.
Savannah, 8. A. Holmes.
St. Louis, Mo R.J.Woodward.
Louisville, Ky W. N. Haldeman.
Newburgh, N. Y M. Maguire.
Troy, N. Y Levi Willard.
Poughkeepsie Levi Smith.
Syracuse, N. Y James Roliertson.
.Rochester, N. Y L. Moore.
Hartford, Conn Hurlburt k Newbury
New Haven,Conn D.C.Mitchell.
Worcester, Mass 8. Thompson.
Now Brunswick, N. J Wm. Solomon.
Newark, N. J D. Smith.
Rah way, N. J T. Page.
Peterson. N. J Matthew Dougherty.
Hudson, N. Y George Clare.
Buffalo, N Y T 8. Hawks
New London, Conn L. L. Sherry.
Eliiabethto w n. N.J Samuel Crane.
Auburn, N. Y W. B. Graves.
THE EASTERN DIVISION OF THE NEW YORK
AND ERIE RAILROAD.
according to the lollorviug arraugeineut, t'opoing at Piermoot.
Ulauvcltv illc. Pascac, Sufferne. Ramatin Station. Moo'
m Works, Turner's, Seatnanville, Monroe Village ami Chester.
FROM NEW YORK.
A passenger train every morniug (rscriit Sunday) leaving
the foot of Albany street, at si o'clock, A. M. In the cuin(>uay's
staauiboat Utica, Capt V. H. Seluiltz.
A passcuger train every Weinesday and Saturday arternooa,
at 4 o'clock, from the foot of Albany street, iu thu steamboat
lltica.
A freight Inia every Monday,Tuesday, Thursday and Friday
afternoon, at 4 o'clock, from the fool of Ch unbers street,
by the steamboat Uninu
FROVI GOSHEN.
A passenger train every morsing, (eicept Sunday) al 8 n'clk,
srrtviug in New York, by tne steamboat Utica, at the foot of
Albany street.
A passenger train e*erv Wednesday anil Saturday afternoon,
at 3 oVclnk. arriving in New York by the steamboat Utica,
A freight train every Monday, Tuesday , Thursday and briday,
at 3 o'clock, arriving in New York bt the steamboat
Union, and barges at the foot of Chambers street.
Freight will be received at the loot of Albany street on
Wednesday and Saturday, and at the foot of Chambers street
on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, until 3 P. M
| For freight or passage, inquire at the Company's Traoeptr
tenon omce, corker oi Liwnr anu' " til rutm, >uu >
various deimta on the line of the roail.
H. C. SEYMOUR,Suiierintendiint
dgT I m Eastern Division New York md Krie Railroad.
NEW YORK AND NEWARK.
(rare reduced to *5 cent*.
From the foot of Courtlandt street, New York.
(Every day?Sunday s*ice|ited.)
Leave New York. Leave Newark.
At ? A.M. At a P.M. At 8 A.M. Atl? P.M.
11 do 4 do 9 da I) do
4| do lot do do
T do 10 do
ON SUNDAYS.
From the foot of Liberty (tract
Leave New York. Leave Newark.
Att A.M. and it P.M. At 1 P.M. udll T.M.
HEWYORK, ELIZABETHTOWN RAHWAY AND
NEW BRUNSWICK.
Kare reduced.
From the foot of Liberty street,daily.
Leave New York. Leave New Brunswick.
At A. M. At Tt A. M.
4ir. M. I P. M.
BOMERVILLE stages connect witbtheee line (each war.
I are between New York and Somerville, >0 cent*.
Do do Now Brumwiek, TI cento.
Rah way, locente
Eliza betlito wo, . IS cent*.
The fare in the 7} A. M. train from New Brnnawixk, and 4|
P M. train from New York, ha* been reduced between
New York and New Brunswick to M cento.
" and Rahway ta IT) "
The Philadelphia mat 11 roe passes through New Brunowickfot
New York every erenins at I o'clock.
On Sundays the 7) A.M. trip from Nsw Brunswick is emit:
'*Passeiwer* who procure their tickets at the ticket oAce.rsotive
a ferry ticketgratia. Tieketsar*received bp theconduetor
onlv on the day when purchased. nil
" REB BIRD LINE TO ALBAN I, en the
East side of the river, having better stages
jHwvywyMiil teams?asking no higher fare.?OAce,
Howard's Hotel. 178 Broadway ?Passengers will be forward1
':.Y Stage to Albany hy th s line from any point ou the East
ids of the riser where the boats may be compelled by ice to
**/!gents will be on board each of tbe mail boats to give assistance
and information
This line extends to Montreal, touching at Albany, (office
under the Museum) and embrace* a very direct and commodious
route thither. , ,. ... , ...
The stages and horsseof It.is l<ne will be found really the
best on th# Albany route, a?d no deception.
;?* -.4??.*}?n mill Ke naiti in lK* rnmfurf. rnnrn.
aie'oce ami'speVl of all who inay give <? ihe pref?reuc*.
When the river ?h?ll be ehut up entirely. Red Bird Stage*
will run *11 through from New York city to Albany.
MH?BAXTKR, 1 A*enU
I. V B AKER. Proprietor. d36 lm'
NEW YORK AND ALBANY. Stage
I?fa Line, on both side* North River.?Office at
the III stand. Western notel.t Courtlandt
street?Fate F? ? The line rn the weit aide of the river ie
formed fr m New York to Piermont by iteambust Utiea,
trot Piermont to Goshen by the railroad, and thence to Albany
by stage. Pswtnfers by this line may leave New York
every morning (Sunday* cic pted) at I o'clock, and arrive in
Albany next morning by ?.
This >e ill" shot teat, quickest and c'iea;>e*t route to Albany.
The railroad cars are Urge, commodious and warmed by
atorea.
The line on the eavt aide will be by ateamboat daily as far
aalhe ice will permit.
E. BEACH.
Passenger* for Newburgh and Pallr. nivy aecure yasaag- at
thia office by steamboat and railroad to Turner's, 16 miles this
, aide of Newburgh where atagea will be in reidiu aa to convey
them to_lhe above named nla-es. dM Ijl
VIA STOXI.XUTOy, DAILY.
I awWffi HAKNUEN k GO'S American and Foreign
I Express, Foreign Letter, and Oeucral ForwardW||H
ing Office ?Package# of all kinds, sample goods,
2SE9ELspecie, and bank aotea. will be rec ivcJ and forwarded
b> Lxpreaa, to and from the following places:?
From Boston to Liverpool, London. Manchester, Birmingham,and
Lewi*.Eng.; Dublin and Cork. Ireland; Olasgvw and
Greenock. Scotland; Paris and Havre. France; and from Boston
to Prorideuce, New York, Pkiladelphia, and from Troy
A and Albany, having recently made arrangements with the Peo
nte's Line to that effect.
r HAHMIKN k CO will attend to collecting or paying
Drafts, Notes, Bills or Acceptance*, and the purchasing ol
gsodj of every description. or transient business of any kind,
% which they undertake promptly.
| I.et'er Bag* will be kept at their Boston.New York,Philadelphia
and Albany offices, for Cuutrd's Royal Mail Line of
team ships; also, for the steamer Oreat Wrstcrn.and the s.iflmg
pat k?l* from New York.
1"AKK NOTICE.?Packages sent to either office,for England,
or ar y other place, must not, iu iny case, contain letters
N. B AU goods aiusl be marked HAR.NDEN Si CO.. who
are alone responsible for the loss or injury of any articles or
property committed to their care; nor is any risk assumed hy,
nor can any be attached to the B kP. and 8 Railroads, or the
N.J. Steam Navigation Co., on whose roaile. or in whose
steamers, their crates are or may be transported, in respect to
them or their content! at any tims.
ItnrancKCKs:- Messrs. Floteher, Alexander lx Co., Liverpool
and Loudon: Welles Si Co., Bunkers, Paris, France;
Thomas B. Curtis, Esq., Boston; Ovodhue Si Co., New York;
Carey k Hart, Philadelphia; aud Thomas W Olcott, Esq.,
Albany.
OrMcca*;?No 928 River street. Troy; 19 Exchange, Albany;
<2 South Third ? -eet. Philadelphia; 22 Church street.
' Lirerpool; 9 Court street, Boston; Union Buildings, 1'rovt
' ^M.WYMAN, Agent, No. 9 Wall it., New York
jy99 HARNDEN Si CO.
^gm FOR SHREWSBURY?FALL AHQaajf^jStRANOEMENT-The
stramboat OSIRIS.
S3EK.Ci|it.J C. Allaire, will commence nuimugou
Saturday Sept. Mih, a* follows!?lesve Fnlton Market slip,
. East River, every *atunlay at 19 o'clock A.M., Tue*<)ay,
Wedii-eday, and h nday. at 8 o'clock A M.
Returning, leaves Red Bauk every Motidtr morning; of 10
'eiaek A.M.; Tuesday, Wednesday, and Kridsy, at half-past
119 o'eloek P. n4.
The boM will run *? above unfit further notice, navtenttoa
I eei weather permit!rjig. otflm*
FALL ARRA.N(>?MENT?POUU.iKEfcl'SlE aNU
NEW YORK.
? Tk. f.sl .l.amknal OQIi'ni A Por,.
Bti t*ln Verdine Tmredale, for the remainder of
" I 3fc?Bl Iw IW ?mom will leare thee team boat pier, foot
?f( KaraWn etreet, er?ry Tueadny, Thuralay and Saturday
atternoone, at 1 o'clock?Undine, up and down, at Caldwril'a,
Weat Poiat. Cold Spring. Cornwall, Kiahkill Landing. New
6810^101, and Milton. Returning, Irarea Ponghkreinir erery
oodny, Wednceday and Friday morning. at T o'clock. A IUr
the lit ol Noremher, the Oaeola wifl leare Pouehkr. pair at
I o'clock in the morning. for paaeage. apply to the Captain,
on hoard, or to D. RANDOLPH MAKTIN,
. . _ 114 Weal at.
_ aTATfclk inland ea-iui >.
Foot of Whitehall gtreet^^SriL^^e
^rK^iTeamer 8TATEN ISLANDER
Learee Staten lalaad Learee Whitehall
Al I o clock a.m. Al I o'clock A M
"it " "II
" 1 " P.M. " a " p. M
" 4| " " If "
b - ? " . " t
On Sunday there will be two hoati to mo. The laat hoat
" Inaree Stelen la land at I o'clock, r^ M. oe
ftOPLK 8 [.INK OK STEAMBOATS bOK A LB A >V,
tya fjt THE new and c tumodinna etrantbnat
' NORTH AMEBIC K, ( apt. M H. Tn,.P
? iff rt -VI learn the ateambnit per between Cortland!
and Liberty atreeta, oa Wrdneaday and Friday aflernooua
at I o'clock.
*> For lineage or freight, apply to P. C. Schulli at the office on
v the wharf,or on board.
N.B. All kinda of properly taken only at tl e riak of the
OWnere thereof. dJ4
T. rOWELL k COLINE.
akPT) grn HOB NF.WBUF ,1. landing.t CALD
CrSyTiwr,Ll,'>. WEBT POINT AND COLD
TBLbPRINO?The a team boat HIGHLANDER
Gap Robert War drop, will lea* a the foot of Warren atrrat
Hew York, erery Monday, Tt? i ?Jey and Saturday afternoon'*
t 4 o'clock Returning, the Hub ?n~er will leare Newburgh
gmry Monday moi-mug at o'clock, aa i A ueaday and Friday
Marnoon at I o'clock.
*M>* oraoeeie. naif ao board tkie boat, not be at the riak of the
1 anrnora (hereof,unlen* a bill ofladtag errteeipliaaigned for
flieaame WH j
J*
?
E NE"
NtW
FOR ALBANT.
>MM The iicmahotti SOUTH AMERICA and
HKSTK.H.. will ou and after Friday,
.HwZIaJCSE. October 1. Icm?c fur Albany at t o'clock, ertry
irrgiot Sundays raeepted instead of 7.a* heretofore s9T
~ aifiLL rtKOllLAK MAIL LINE FUR I'HOVl
tfLgdL?3> D KNC E AND BOSTON, ria STONINGHC3H3E.TON
AND NEWPORT, composed of the
'oJlow-ue superior steamers, running in connection with the
Stouineton and Prorideuce, and Boston and Pro> idence Rail?o*4.
M ASSACHU SETTS, Cant. Comstock.
RHODE ISLAND,Capl.Thayer.
unuroiu *
NARRAOAS'SETT.Cupt Wooleey.
(Id* of which wilt Ichk New York duly, 8unday*except*d,
froin pier No.1 North River. Battccy Place,at4e'clock. P. M.
*1rrangemtnt.
Th* NARRAQANSETT, on Moeday*and Thursday*,for
dtouiugton. .
TIm MASSACHUSETTS. Tue*d?y* end Fridays, for
ttouington, Neuwwirt, and Provident*.
The RHODE ISL \ND, on Wedne?day? end Seturdeyi.for
Stoiuugtan, Newport, end Providence.
Passengers on thearrivalof thesteamere atStouingteu, may
teke the Railroad Caa*end rroceed iminedUtely to Providence
Mid Boeton, or when they go round, mey, if they prefer it, re
main on hoard and take the accommodation tram from ProviieiMte
to Boston. ..... . . . _ ?
freight taken atthefoHowiug reduced rate*:?ToBoeton.on
measurement good*.? cent* per cubic foot, and on merchandize
(cur rally, eeven dollar* per ton. To Providence,on measurement
good*. *iz cent* percnbicfoot. jytt
The cneaiieet and molt expeditious lloute
TO BOSTON,
Via Hudeon. Pittafield, SpriuRlield and Worcester.
Eur HUDSON alel intermediate place*.
jxja The new and elegant steamboat COLUM?"~~^L-rdlf*BIA.
t p Newbury, will leave the fool
"f Cedar (treet every Tuesday, Thursday and
Saturday at S P. M.
(ITJ- Fare from New York to Boiton, if paid ou board th*
boat, $?.
The Passage Train of the Hudeon, Berkshire and Wee tern
Railroad will run in conneeiion with thi* boat ae follow*
Leave Hudeon daily (Sunday* excepted) at 6 a.m. arrive at
Pittalield at half pail 8, at Spiinglield at IS noon, at worsester
It r. m . and at Bo?i?,i at half paat 6 r. M
[Hj~ Ticket* for Boelou uiuat be procured on board of tliia
boat only.
For passage or freight, apply on board, or to CROOKE.
FOVVKS It CO. at the corner of Weat and Liberty alreete.
*8 2?n
Aifrg- FOR LONuO.N?Regular p,r*-i ui Hie m J in?
Th- well known fa?t sailing packet ahip ST J \ MF.S,
kltftJitptJ.ijii. Meyer, bur'lien louo ton*, will positively tail
* above. Thi* splendid amp haa accommodation* for cabin,
second cabin, and steerage pasaeug ra,fully equal to my oilier
packet, aud berth* ctn be secured on moderate terms, tl immediate
application he made ou hoard fno' of Maiden lane, or
to OLOVEK Ik McMURRAY,
I DO Piue ?l, cor of South et.
P.8.?Perenn* wishing to send for their fiiends, can have
them brought Ml in the above favorite ship, or any *fthe regular
line eailing from London on the7lh,l7th. mill 27tli of
each inon>h. ana those wishing to remit money, can procure
dralts on Messrs. Phillips and Tiplady of Lon Jou, p.?> able at
eight, by at plvinc as above. dgt
FOR M ARSEILLES-'l h* copper* 1F ucn ong I
aJjrJV REBfLU.Cspt. Buyer.
MMkUw For freight or passage apply lo
nto B >YI) k H1NCKEN. 9 Tontine Buildings.
PACKET FOR HAVRE?Second Liue-Thtshtp
wTjMrVC l'lCA, F. Hewitt, master, will tail on the first of
J Miliary.
BOYD Ik HINCKEN, Agents,
dS 9 Tontine Builuings.
FOR LIVERPOOL?New Line?Regular I'acke
mWfV the 25th January?Tne Rplrudid fast Sailing packet
'-P-V. SHt.KIBAN. ('apt. F. A. Depey.ter, of lObO
torn, ? ill sail u above,her regular day.
Kir freight or passage, having accommodations unrqua'led
for splendor or comfort, apt ly on board at Orients whaif, foot
of Wail at or to E. K. COLLINS k CO.,
6t South street.
Price of passage $100.
The packet ship Oarrirk, Cant. Win. Skiddy, of 1000 tona,
will succeed the Sheridan, and aail on the 25tn February, her
regular day. ... - .
Passengers may rely upon lite ahtpa of thia hoe sailing punctualy
aa adrertiae<L dgS
ejfg. Foil LIVERPOOL.- Packet ol the lat J auuaiy?
nfnWtVThe superior firat claaa faat sailing packet ship OEM.
J?mb2bPA.RKHILL, Captain Hoit, will aail aa above, her
regular day.
She haa superior arconm idUiona for cabin, aecond cabin,
and steerage passengers. . Persona wishing to secure bertha
should make early application to
028 JOHN HERDVtAN.il reel.
IfiP FOR NEW OHLKA t l.outaiant aui .New
iJMPVYork Line?RegularI'acki "'nJanuar ?The
flSSHEBaplendid faat sailing packe; - s^lSill'Pl.Captain
Hilhtrd. will positively sail as a r regular day ?
For freight or paaaaae. having apleudi I .alieil hcnnmmoda
tiona,apply on board, at Orleana wh tot of Wall atreet,
or to E. K. COLLIN x CO. 36 South at.
Greatcare will he taken to have th> da by tliia line correctly
meaaured.
Agents iu New Orleana. Jaa. O. Wo," who will prompt
ly lorwurd all rooda to hiaaddnea
The packet ship LOUISA, Capt Muliord. will aucceed the
Mississippi, and aail 10th January, her regular day dag
jjEjjj? FOtt LIVERPOOL.?Packet ol . u* 7tu ol eim AWPViiary.?'The
first claaa faat sailing packet ship ROStttlbfOE,
Capt. Hulleaoa, will aail aa above, her regular
day
Her accommodations for cabin, setotid cabin and ateer-ge
poaaengera, are too well known to require comment. Those
persons wishing to secure bertha, ahould make early applicatiouou
b ard, loot of.VlaiUen lane, or to
GLOVER It MeMURRAV,
100 Pine street , c iruer of South
Tlie splendid packet ship Aephen Whituey. Capt Thompaon.
will sncceod Luc itoscoe, and sail on the 18th Jauuaay.
dSl
PASSAGE FROM CNULAM), SCOTEARU
jmWAND WALES, by firat Spring iliipi.?TheauhecriJaMMSnbers
are prepared to make arriuigemeuU for bringing
out paaaengere from London, Liverpool, Bristol and Greenock,
ia first class Americanpacketshipa.loeail fromeaeh oftheabort
porta the first of the Spring. Persons wishing to aeud for their
friends to any part or Great Britain, can make ueceaaary arrangementaby
applying to
W k J. T. TAPSCOTT,
it Soutlist. comerGourrrueurlaaa.
Should thepartiea aent fordecliuecoming.the paaaage money
fill w returned tii
IUH lilVhHfOUL?jNear l.iuc?Regular facae
^5#Vof 2ith December?The aplendid packet ahip SIP
RnBfaDON 8. Captain E. B.Cobb, or 1000 tona, will a ad
aa a on re, ler regular day.
1 orf reight or paaaage .navingaccominodationa uaet, nailed for
itdcudor or comfort,apply on board, at Orleana wharf .foot of
Wall at., or to
E. K .COLLINS It CO. II South a treat
Price of aaaaage Sioo
The packet snip SHERIDAN, Cant. F. A. Deperater, of
10(0 :oaa. will aucceed tha Siddons.and sail the 85th January,
ser regular day.
> axarngera may rely on the ships of thialineaailing punctually
a# advertised^ nig
PASSAGE EROM HA.VtdUtlU. GERMAN k ?
-v DIRECT ?The subscribers hare a regular aucceson
of Aral claaa ream la. tearing Hani bare twice a I
month! Peraona wishing to send for their friends. residing in
any part of Geemany.can avail thernaelrreof thia arranyein-nt
Drafts for any amount can alao be lurruahed. |?tyable in Ham?uig.
Forfuither particulara. apply (if by letter.poat paid) to
HEKUMAN St KEENaN, si SouO. at.
alt WILLIAM GIBSON. Kaq.. Agent at Himhure
iA-t FOR-STS1VV ORLE A.MS?Picket ol th 7. . Jan
IjPy jrVnary?The firat class last saiiiig packet ahip FAIR1ELD,
Captain Wilson, will aail aa above, her re
cular day, aud can in a superior manner accnmmodatr cabin,
2nd cabin and tteerage passengers, if immediate application be
made on board ihe (hip foot of Pi .* at, ?r to
jl J HEROM aV II Smith at.
CAJSt REMIT I ANoKS rOE.NGtaAMD IKUANu
SCOTLAND, AND WALES? Persons i rocesding
r%wlhrr remitting Money to their frienda rraidiug ia any
rt of the old country, can at all tiinea obtain from the aubscrira
drafta at aight. lor any amount drawn direct on the following
hanka. If lo Ireland, on the Royal Bank of Ireland and on
Meaarg. I'reacott. Grote, Amea It Co., bnukera, London, n hie li
are paid free of discount or any charge whatsoever, in every
town throughout Great Britain aud Ireland. For terina. apply
oraddrtaa, if by letter post paid, to
ROCHE, BROTHERS It CO 35 Fulton at.
New York, neat do ?r to the Ful'on Bank.
Peraons deairoua of Bending for their f imde or relatives, can
Ei ike the necessary arringemema with tt e aubacrih ra, and
are them brought silt in Brat claaa American packet ships
siiliug from Liverpool weekly. during the coming year, 1842,
ami one of the firm, Mr. JAMES U. ROCHE, i? there, aud
will remain to err all th oar n hoar inaisgra are pai I there, forw.iriled
with care and despatch. For passage,or further particnlare,
apply ar above. d-n
NEW FORK AND LIVERPOOL HKtil LAl!
-^fefWCOMMERCIAL LINE OF PACKETS-Sailing
JtSiiJfeWeekly?Paaaage from Great Britain and Ireland!
via Liverpool?The subscribers continue to bring out pasaen
gere who may be engaged by their frienda here, ou very moderate
terina, for firat class ahipa Bailing from Liverpool wteWy.?
Drafta forany amount can alao be furnished, nayaMe tlwOughnut
the United Kingdom. Far further particulars apply, ifby
letter poat paid,to
_2*? JOHN HK.RDMAN.kl South at.
*? DRAFT-" TO ENGLAND, IRELAND, S( OT[jj^VLANf)
AND WALES.?Prraona d-airoiia of aeodmoney
to their frienda iu any purl of the old
country cau he fupplird with drafts at fight, payable at the
National and rmeioeial Ba in of Ireland an < Branches,
MeCSra. James Roll Han fc. ( n London ?nal
Durount B?nk Liverpool, which are pant on demiori in nil
the principal Iowmid the United Kii>Kd>?n. For trrm<, kc.,
apply to Wk J T. TAPMCOTT,
Pa**** Office. O rtnuthitreef.
Where. al?*. arrm?K?ment? can be made lor pajw-nf*r* to
feme out from the of! c u *try. in fimt cla?* American packet
*hip?, rommGlided bv experienced caotaina. one of which will
leave Liverpool every *i* d?y? throughout the coming ??a?oo;
and p?r*ou< about aeoding for their friend* may rely that
e*ery car* an 1 attention will be paid to render the pa*P?ace
comfortable For p*rtn-"l-?r? *\ >lr ** a^ive. ,114
PASSAGE FROM 3lUT 15 HI 1 AlN A.>U IKLUA.NU
m- && M MThe
auherribera continue to make encageinanle to bring out
paeeeoee re from the old country. he tlltpe of the first clwe tell
American built, and commanded by men lone a d favorably
known in the trade. The reeeele compoeiny thia line tail
werkty from Liverpool, cooeerju. ntly all uiinrceteary delay to
paMellgert i? avoided
Perron* about to make engagements for I loir frierdeto emigrate
the ensuing aeaeon, will etuily their own intereet and the
rntereat and comfort of llteir frieuda. by matiug auch rngagemrnte
with the .ubeciiher*. as iioeipeuee orpaiua are epared
to earu that preference which liae fjt meiiy yean been eitend
ed to them.
A? he* alwaye been cuatomary with th.a line, when the pirtiee
aettleil for decline rummy oul, lite paesige mosey ie
promptly refunded to bene from whom it wae received, without
reduction.
A frve paeeaee p r steamboat from the various porta of Irelaud
aod Scotland to Liverpool, can likewiee be eecartd. For
Inrlher particular*.
Apply t? SAMUEL THOMPSON,
Old retahliahed i<aekit office. t7 3 Pearl at.
C ORIM8HAVV fc Co i o Oarte Piaaiae, Liverpool
Draft* or etchanae at aifht and for any a-nouut. are alvo luruiahed
on H. (J Gly? fc i,o? banaara, London. i - Oriinaha* fc
r ,'IP00!- 'he Northern Ifanking t o and National Bank,
or Irela- d, aud National Bank of Scotland, pa. able at their
respective hranchea Apply as above dwim*
W k J T TArst Ot i s
U?NE^AL EMIGRANT PASSAGE OFFICE,
JjL" Pec A rfip, and 41 South strrrf, A'cw York.
M. M m m
from all part* of England, 11 eland, Scotland and Walee,is firW
elsst American packet shape^ilj- friMB Liveepool.ve^ week,
thereby preventingunuecessafy detention.
A free paseagefrom the various seanrwto of Inland and Sen*,
land to Liverpool iiguar.uteened.au3 drafts for the aceoanmn
datpm.-fo^engere.parablethrvwighoni Great Briteja and Ir?
and. All letters muetbe poet paid.
\Y YO
V YORK, SATURDAY M
NOT1CK.? Proiotala will he received at the office of the
Commioearjr General of Purchaeee. in ffcihidelphia, to furmah
the following material* ami ar.iolea for the United State*
Army, for the year IMft, n*
Blue rloth, 6-1 witie, dyed ia indigo ami in the weol
Sky blue twilhd Cloth, 1-4 wide
Unbleached Cotton Shirtnig, 7 | wide
Bleached do do do
flannel of Cotton and Wool,7-6 wide
('an ton flannel. 3-4 wide
Uubleached Cotton Drilling, 1-4 and 7-8 wide
Bleached do 8-4 wide
Uniform Cape, for Dragoon#, Artillery and infantry
Pompoou#.lor Artillery and infantry
Hair Plume#, for Diaxoona
Band# ai d Taatel# do
Algiullette#, Aiti'lery and Infantry
Worated Smhea, do do and Dragooae
Shoulder Slraji*. do du
o (brass!for Dragoons
Epaulettes. Non. Cont'd Staff. Artillery and Infantry
At oollen half Stocking*
L*rJ Booltc*
Lnlhcr Stock*
Blanket* 6, feet lone S feet wide, weight 4 poinds
Metal Cap Equipments, for Dragoons, Artillery ami Inf.
Felling Axe*
Ha'chet*
Spade*
Drum*, complete, with Stick*, filing*, and Case*
Worated Binding and Cord, of all kind*
Common Tent*
Wall Tent* and Fli'*
Horpital Trot*
Fainting and Strapping Knapaack*
Ca*k? and Cooperage, for one year front t at April next.
(The quautitjr aud number of iheae article* will be deter
mined hereafter !
Tliewholearete.be of domestic manufactured material*.
Pattern* of a'l the required Woolten and Cotton CloP-a aud
articlea.are deposited in the Comtniaearv General'* Office, in
tht* city, for examination. Sample*of the Woollen and Cotton
Cloth* will be rent to any manufacturer on application to
thia Office, by mail,and auch information given a* may he deaired.
The Boot-e* are to be of eigAt aixea, an t the Cape of
fixe iix<a. The lixe* and proportion* of aire* will be atated in
tne oontracts.
On the sample* aud pattirn* exhibited the con'raet* will be
founded and inspection* made, amino article will be received
that i* interior in the material or workmanship to, or that doc*
uot correspond in every re?pect with th* pattern on which a
co-tract i* founded.
The aupplie* are lo be delivered at the United State* Arienal,
near Philadelphia, for inspection, in equal monthly portion*,
and the contract* are to be fulfilled on or ktfor* the l*t
day of July, I8l'i .
The proposal* mint be in writing, lealed. and indorsed,
" Proposal*." and mini reach the Office of the Commisaary
General of Purchases. on or before the 17th day of January,
1842. No proposal will be received afer 3 o'clock of that day.
Security will be required f >r the fulfilment of contract*.
J. WASHINGTON TYSON.
Commissary General oi Purchase*.
Comiiuiart Gsnvral's Orricic,
Philadelphia, December 17lli. IR41. d)9 endl MT
artificial Teeth.
Artificial teeth?without cix*p* ligatur** stc,
from a tingle tooth to a full and complete s-t. on the principle*
of atmospheric pressure, by M. LEVETT, Dentist
260 Broadway, eoruerof Warren *t
[From the New York Commercial Advertiser-^
A friend at our elbow rrquett* u* to notice some leelh he
had inserted by Dr Levett, of no 280 Broadway, and to state
bia entire ?ati*f?clion,not only with regard to the teeth them
elvea, but the manner in which tbi* delicate operatiou wa*
perfoimed.
Dr. Levett hat b-en too long befare the public a* the iutrodaeer
of the ''Atmospheric I re sure Principle," to require a
syllable from us
r _ i r n..? ri t. 11 T ...n
UUIiy Ul d ItlkCI IIVIU VICH. L/UII lirecil (U 1?1. UC?Cil.
Baltimore, Sept.M. isti.
Mr Levett? I write at the request of a frieud for whom you
mule a let of artificial teeth, to say that they hare given entire
satisfaction, and that your principle of atmospheric prt? lire
t* fully verified. I feel aduty to you and to each ae may
stand in need of your professional services to recommend them
to you. Your obedient servant, DUFF OREEN.
j4 Im M. LEVKTT.agi) Broadway.
rypT A(Wt HORNS?Taken from cattle slaughtered iu this
I Jtv'Utl city. Foraale, in lots to suit purchasers ,hy
the Butchers Hide Association, corner tth street and 1st Aveaue.
''?* .
U^'AVKU Tt'.rii.
PARIBEN'8 SPECIFIC.
A sure CURE far the Tooth Ache, safeand easy in the
application, certain in its curative effects?a remedy well
test d, aud of long standing?Prepared only by J. W. Clowes,
Dentist, and sold by him, wholesale aud retail, at his rflioe, 47
Bond st. NY Certificates?The undersigned, hating used the
pans-ii's Specific, as prepared by Mr. J. w Clowes, mute id
r<onuneniliug it to the public confidence. L. Parmely, Sure
l)euli-t 3U Broadway N. Y.; J. Smith Dodge, Surgeon
1 ist, 47 Bond street, N. T.; N. Dodge,Surgeon lien'ist 818
Br 'adway, N. Y.: F.. O Burger, Surgeon Dentist, 34 Market
street. N. Y. N B. None ie genuine, unless signed by
the proprietor. Sold, also, by the following Druggists, Cot
ton, 883 Bleeckerstreet; Ring, (44 Broad was- ; Schieffelin, 114
Canal St.; Hart's, 278 Broad way, and cor Hud ion and North
Moore streets; Milnor. 182 Broadway; Hurnel;?10 Chatham;
Byrne, 83 Bowery, cor Walker St.; Hutching, 160 Bowery, and
Doolittie,246 Centre et.; price per vial 88 cents?half vial 88.
die lm
K TaYLMivS BAl.SA.vl OS c.1 * e.Kw Oit i.?At the
old eatabllat ment, 378 Bowery.?The periou advertising
in Soring street, fir-t under anonymous initials, then as W.
W. Taylor, aud again as W. W. I haver, has not now, uor
never has had any con -rljoii with the establishment at No.
875 Bow.eg I ne !< pioprieior, F A. Thayer, nad but
one bro'her, named William W. i'haycr?he has not heen
in tlie house ?| his deceased brother for several years. About
four year ago he MM a store at 841 Spring street, and advertised
Rogers' llalsam of Liverwort, and near two years
ago came before the public in sup:K>rt of Burritt St Co. in imitating
Dr Taylor's Balsam of Liverwe rt?and again comee forward
claiming the | roprietorship of said medicine, when it
was well ki own that at the time ihe proprietor the late FA
Thayer first ietrodnced this celebrated mediciue, W W Thayer
was about fourteen years of age.
Be e ireful where you buy?Purchase only?mind this ontv
?at the old office 375 Boweiy, between fi.nrth and Fif-h
atresia Our agents will pleas- ?dd--e?a ?? fo-m-ely dg> lm*
DR. TAYLOR'S BALSAM OK LIVKKWOKT.-f.UM
Reward will he paid to any person who will prove tic
assertions of the " Widow in the Bowery* tu be true, that 1
am not the brothrr of her late husband, F. A. Thayer, or that
I do not possess the inigmal re-.ii>e for Tay lor's Balsam of
Liverwort or ihst I never innde or sold tins medicine at my
late residence, 376 Bowery.
W W THAvnn. 841 Spring st.
rsutioiv?Beware of the statements of the interested and
fraudulent! Daily null shameful attacks are made, calculated
to deceive purchasers and others. as well to deprive 'lit
rightful proprietor of all their jnst claims Remember, then
is hut flue origin-il recipe in existeuce, and that ie in Spring st.
fn m which the medicine was origiua'ly prepared By then
in the Bowery, and established the medicine in its high repute.
Touch none maite bv those who arc try nig to deceive
yon by f.tlse assertions. Purchase only that made from the
jtigiual recipe in Spring street auu juu are certain of the
fenuinr.
Agents andothers supplied, on highly favorable terms, by
die sole proprietor, W. w. Thatch, 211 Spring street, formerly
373 Bowery. d28 I mis'
PERMANENT ESTABLISHMENT.
MONS. MALI.AN k SONS, Surgeon Dentists,371 Broadurav
is ml at I .Diwlnti kiul Pikiii inf/\rin tV>s> i.nKlis* nf %*?.?
York and ih> vicinity, that in eo ?ee<]uc.nee of th-irvery eitenHive
prar tier. tiny have at lenrth b-:rn kMMN '> (M a permanent
eetablialnnent, where th-y may be consulted duly, a
JTU Broad raj' betw en Franklin and White atreei*. in all
caae* appertaining to lb ir prufeaaion, la which they have been
*<> eurceaeful. in conaritueuce of their celebrated diaoiveriea
and improvement* in the art of Denln'ry . dgl I tn*
BERKSHIRE BOAR FOR SALE.?Far aale cheap, a
choice, thorough bred Berkshire Boar Can be leeu in the
rear of M Croabv atrret.aear Pilnce. j&
PEACH ORCHARD nut COAL AT LACKAWAN"
NA FRICE8,?Real Peach Orchard, Red Aah, L-rge
Nut Coil, do ihly acreened, and delivered to any part of the
city free of cartage, at >7 SO; Broken or Egg. $8 50; Lehigh,
90 00; Screened Liverpool, $ll 00. Apply at yard 504 Washington
atreet, near SpriDg. d<3 3m
American bank lock company, lortne e?,e ci
andrews' celebrated COMBINATION
LOCK,'' are now ready to receive ordera for thia celebrated
Lock, an I haviog anppli d the uumeram ordera heretofore received
are now prepared from the e*tenetve arrangeineate
the manufaainrtia of "-e*r Local to deliver at toe ahortrat
tit e i r < deaigu of the -aaocmtion la to f irntah them to
every Bauk in the United State*, and the aecurity the; havt
heretofore fucniahed to auch I anka a? h ue applied (Sen
aya imt being robbed, haviog often been testrd by txirglara. >
sufficient proof that no bank can be considered a tafe del ontery
without tlieae lock* on their vaults or aafea. All other
lock* can ami have been oyieued, while theat In I defiance to al
Uten.ptj. ami the oomlanatioa of change* rt can undrrg >, vary
ing from 4,oa4 tn |,o00,000. at the will of the owner, fnnwehea
aecurity not found in any other mode of faiteumg. Locks f< r
aafea and alore doora from 176 to 4,f St mange*
Aa relatea to the auperionty of thia lo<-a over any other, re
fcrence it marie to any of the banka in Wail a'reet. New Yor*.
Director! and otficera of biuika are re/j-ervd to eiamtne the
Lick*. and oriler* will be received at tire <dr.ee of
WADHWOKTH k SMITH.
dl4 4 Jone*' lane agenta for the city.
1THOUT MERCURY.-DR. L? BRENNA. haa the
minor ol intorming tne cim-ue ot New Vora. thai
he cure* radically, on tne homeopainw: ayatein, ana in a tew
dav?, every Heacription of ayphilic diseane, whether recent ?i
of lontr eiandiug, without danger ol reiapee, which very olteo
occur* by Uie uae of mercury.
The remedy of Dr. Brenna doei not contain a particle of
m'reury. or any o'ber enrrniire or poiaanoui mineral, aud
therefore canuat pouibly rierciee any drletrrioua inline: c?
on the body. It can be eoorenirully admiuHtered; it* operation
it alveaye eafe. and uu bad eoueeq'icnet* can follow tram
i'? nee, bo-, ever critical the cireumatau. r? under which it ii
Uk-a.
ratieut* wuhing advice ran eon.aiilt Dr Brenna at hit
oilier, Oruiiite Iluiidiu.:, roru'r >f Firouway and Cnainoart
atreet. entrance ill Chamber! atia I. al auv hour from in A. V
t,i t P. M. ).l lm
NIBI.O'8 OiROKN -TOTHK LOVERS) OK KLOKA.
Me*era NIBLO k PlT.\LAI* would mo"t rr?i>ectfu!l. inform
gentlemen wanting b>uqu-ta. tha' th-y are fully prepared
to au ply oidera to any eaient and an "Caeo >able tenia.
The. cetiaerralo-y and green houa>* at 571 Broad >ay. and at
llarlein, will convince rny laHynrrr Hunan who will the
proprietor* are pr-'pareo toeieeita.nrdor*, which will lie al all
t'mra at It nded to with ne ilr.ru and de-patch.
I.adi (giv ng aoireea or ball" can be aunplod with plant* of
large or amall aie?. Alan, col fl rwcra. which will be arranged
in the inoal taateful manner bv Mr. T Duiilap, who haa be n
lo? and favorably hnowolo the lover* of plant*.
, ooeervatory at Nihl -'a Harden will a waya be onrn (o
the ladle# for promenade, and evary attention paid tn-m?
there are now Ih naandi of dial aplrudid flo .er.lhe Camellia,
coming into bloom, many of which are of the heal ?u- to
prrarnt to Iheladieo for der rating their wimlowa. and which
will be aold al moderate pticee, wnharery other article intheir
line.
Kreih Rird Sre'a, (J Id Ki?h, tJlol.ee kr dys
/"-iL Of'lis?AI SMITH'S Brae* and Wo,,,] i.i?ch p.# abluAo
v'niaiii.ar the corner < f the Bowery end Hieieioa ?I reel all
kinda cf clock* can be had at wholea <le and retail forcaeh.nl
>u|rerior quality and workinanahip, and at ihe loweat poeathle
pricra. Alan ch.ck* for rhurch ateeplci. for benta. pu die
room* aud Walrh makrn rrgualnreof a >n ?ri?rftui*h inede
lo order, veronal to none in quality. and warranted lor time
Sample* alwaya on hand and may be eiamiwd by calling at
the ware room, Entrance 71 Biwr..
RANSOM SMITH Proprietor
At Baltimore.31 South Charle# alreet. la a h-anth of tliia ? tahiiahraenl,
?line order# for large or amall clocki. iu all their
varirtier.at wh ilea ale or retail, will be promptly eiecuted by
Pmilh k Kauii. Proprietor* in Baltimore.
IMNMOM ?MITH
dlt KDWAHP KK.VN
DArEK WAItEHOIJ RE.?HEK8HE V (SHOOK*, No I,
I Liberty etieet, offer fur aale Um following aaoartmeot o
fapar ou the meat reaeeoabla tarma :
?oo ream# fttatl \ f (00 ream* ItrM
Md do M<M| l N a wanner / **> ,k>
?M da MaiT f ^rwtpapar^ ^ do n,M
(M da MvST J do stiM
Md ream# 1 MS. Book.
Together with I fine aaeortment of Wntingend Wnyym
fTL* Paper of aaytaiae or quality made to order at efrorl
I
RK I
ORNING, JANUARY S,
Albrniy.
[CerrespohUeuee of the Herald.]
Albany, Wednesday, Jan. 5,1842.
The Legislature have now fairly eommenced bu
siness, and from the manner in which the work hat
been began, there it every prospect of a thnrt tettion.
In the Senate to-day, the President pretented
a return from the Hank of America, relative
to unclaimed dividends, which was laid on the ta
ble and referred to the proper committee, when
appointed.
Mr. Strowu gave notice of an intention on tome
future day, to introduce a bill to extend the exemption
of household furniture from seizure on distreat
warrants. This tuhjeet was earnestly agitated
by Mr. Sibley, during the last winter, but without
effecting any thing. It is to be hoped, that Mr.
Strong will be more successful, for if there ever
was any object worthy of legislative interference,
it is certainly this.
Mr Hunter gave notice of an intention to introduce
a bill to change the] manner of appointing
Bank Commissioners.
Gen. Root come in to dny with what he styled
his annual New Year's gift, viz :?certain concurrent
resolutions proposing amendments to the constitution,
(which are already before the public.)
He said that he had been vainly endeavoring to
fet tbera through, but as yet. without success
'hey had been adopted by the Senate last session,
but the House did not appear to deein them worthy
of notice. Now, there was a majority in both
branches, of those who professed to be alone in the
support of democratic principles, and he hoped the
resolutions, democratic as they were, would he
disposed of with something like enthusiasm. As
they aru onncurrcnt resolutions, they are required
to lay on the table one day.
Mr. Poster brought in a bill to repeal the law
passed at the last session, regulating the appointment
of Receivers. After an animated debate, the
bill was passed, and theaet accordingly repealed,
so far as the Senate was concerned.
A communication was received from John C.
Spencer, Eaq , announcing his resignation of the
office of Secretary of State
In the Assembly, a petition was presented by
Mr. Grout, frow twelve hundred legal voters of
the Seventeenth ward of ihe eity ol New York,
praying for a repeal of the odious and uncona'itu
tional Registry Law. Mr G. desired to have tie
petition read, as he (aid this waa but a cample ct
a aeries tbat were to follow in its train. He apprehended,
that there would net I e quite so much
talking about this matter this year as last.
Mr. Swacxhamek ottered a resolution to the
purport, that the Constitution be io amended, as to
abrogate the freehold qualifications required for
Senators, Lieutenant Governor and Governor lie
moved that it be piinted for the benefit of the members.
Mr. S. said that as they came there professing
democratic principles, he hoped that his
friends would not suffer their practices to belie
their professions, and this he considered an opportunity
to evince their devotion to those principles.
The resolutions, the same as he offered last year,
were ordered printed.
Mr. McMcrrav gave notice of an intention to
introduce a bill to repeal the law, known aa the
New Yerk Criminal Court Bill.
Mr. Weir gave notice of an intention to intro
duce a bill, in relation to mechanical labor in State
Pritnna.
Mr. Looms offered a resolution in effect, that a
committee of three be appointed, to whom should be
given the supervision of ail printing ordered by
this House.
Mr. Swacchamer supported Mr. L ' resolution,
remarking that the State was saddled with a
large and entirely unreasonable expense for printing.
Indeed he had now at home a large quantity
of documents entirely useless to him, or any one
else. He was of opinion, that aa this was a reform
legislature, there should be no delicacy manifested
in extending the reform into the State Printing
department.
\fe r.unrT thmiffht tkaf anme action was essen
tially necessary on the subject, bat he would suggest
to gentlem n whether it waa not ia the power
or the House to diapose of their printing to who or
whom they might chooae, and, instead of confining
it to one alone, if it might not he di-pensed to a
dozen or more if thought necessary 1 He arked
for information on the subject from legal gentleman
on thia floor.
Mr HorrwAH (dcra ) replied that it waa the
fashion, and a very convenient one at the l.ustings,
to lay all this areat expense of the State printing
at the door of the State Printer, as if he were to
blame, when it was in reality the fault of the Legialature
who ordered it. After aoine further conversation
on the subject, the resolution waa referred
to the committee to whom had been referred
the rules of the House.
The report of the Superintendent of Common
Schools was received, aud five times the usual
number ordered.
The committee who were appointed during the
last session to examine the Treasurer's accounts
and the accounts of ihc Canal room, made their report,
or rather reports?as they had divided it in
two parts, one relating to the finances of ihe State
and the other to Ivking. As the last included a
great many lengthy statements in r* gard to the affairs
of tu-pended banks,it was therefore very vo
luminous, so that the committee only recommended
the printing of the one relating exclusively to the
State finances.
Mr Tow.nscND introduced his bill of last session
relating to the Usury laws It proposes in substance,
to fix the rate of interest at 7 per cent. The
House went into Committee of the Whole on it,
but without taking the question tose and reported.
The House went into Committee of the Whole
on the Governor's Message, but rose without any
action. This was about the amount of business
transacted to day.
The most independent man in the House ia Michael
Hoffman, oI Herkimer. He is a very plaia
farmer look itig man, with his long hair aud steel
I gray coa', hut u sounder man than him does not sit
in the Haute He is inflexible in the pursuit of
what he conceives to be right, regardless how
much it may conflict with party discipline or party
interest.
The lca-it-r of the Democrats this winter, from
present appearance, I think will be Gen. Dix. He
is sompetent for the task. As for the Whigs, it
matters little?however Grown* A. SiMMons, of
E-st-x, would seem to be their man.
Care Ulciscar.
General Missions.
Ucfore the Recorder, Judges Lynch and Noah, and
Aldermen In lies aud Timpsnn.
Jam. 7.? Care of Curtain John Batnry.? This
f!GA that has nratpil en miirh inti*rp.t umnnt thi?
friends i f Captain Barney, aa well a- those of John
Asti n, Esq, wai called at the opening of the
Court. Mr Asten appeared,and stated ihat he waa
rerdy for trial, but lb valorous Captain was not in
Court, and the case was therefore fi.\ed for Monday
next.
and Battery.? Pefer Ewald and his son
J"hn Eivald. was tried for assaulting and beating
his wife l'hilleiiine Ewald, on several ( ccasions.so
much ?>> th it DC was compelled to leave his premises
The Jury reoirned a verdict of guilty, and the
Court fined th- m $'15 each.
A Celebrated Fi'iel t'anr Settled?John B Helms,
M D , of 98 Eldridge street, who was indicted in
Auguit, 18M), f r a libel on "John Castree, Amos
Gore, Henry S. Bancker, John Haynes, Silas Olmsted
and ( buries Olmsted of the first part, and the
Kev Duncan Dunbar, Pastor of the North Reorish
Baptist church of this city, D? aeon William
Church, Deacon Charles J. Holyland, of the seco, d
part, and other members of the same church, published
in a pamphlit in August, 1810 Sentence
postponed.
Forfeited Recognizance.?John Davis Spratt.whn
stale a leather wallet from ihe po. ket of Harvey
Farrinetnn, Jr con'aimng $60 in bank notes, on
the 7th of September last, while patsiug in the
Harlem Railroad cars from Second street to the
Ciiy Hull
Sentenced?James Van Yrankrn, found guilty of
obtaining a piece of pork by giving a fraudulent
nu n in p<yment, waa sentenced to the eity prison
for sixty days.
Ammdtand nailery.?John O'Connor wa? tried
for beat ng William Laird, of 106 Greenwich lane, ,
with a elub, in a most brutal manner. It was proved
by officer McComb. as well ?t Wm. Laird, that
the assanlt was of the most outrageous character,
so much so that in all probability the man would
have been killed if it had not been for the interfprrnf#
r?f th* stflR#?r. I.Mine in an old man tnd
ha* hern afflicted for year* with a paralytic atmke
The Jury fniirid him geilty, and the Court aantenced
hiin to thirty daj a iinpriannnient and g'i'> fine.
The Court here adjourned toll o'clock on Saturday
morning.
Court Calendar?Tills Day.
CiaretT C. rat.?No# 79. 73. 84,71, 77, 79, 80,81 ,8J,W,
W, 97, 88, 89, Pj, W,IM, to, to, 97:
I ERA
1S42.
city liilclllt(rii?i'.
Impeachment or JviTrcE VVilev?The following
ptoceedings look place yesterday in the Court of
Common Pleas relative to Justice Wiley.
The following is the order of the Court, as
registered:?
His Honor, the Mayor, having communicate.1 to this
Cuiirt a certificate of the Clerk of the Court of Oyer and
Termener, stating that Mr. Wilay, one of the Assistant
Justices of the city of New York, had l>een convicted on
an indictment lor receiving stolen goods, (scienter,) and
suggesting that the same should be submitted to the
County court. Ordered, that the Clerk nstily the Judges
of the County Court to meet on Monday next, at ft o'clock.
P. M. in the room ol the Board ot Aldermen.
The following are the papers alluded to above:?
City or New York, Mayor's Os'sisc, Jan. 7th., 1912.
To the Hon. M Ulshokkfkr,
First Judge of the County Court in and for the City and
County of New-York.
Dear Sir,?
1 have received the within certificate of the Clerk of
the Court of Oyer and Terminer, showing that William
Wiley. E'jq .has been convicted of receiving stolen property,
knowing that it was stolen. It wasenclosed to me
by the District Attorney. In my judgment, the County
Coart should be convened for the purpose of issuing a
notice to Mr. Wiley to show cause why the commission
of Assistant JusticeoftheCity of New-York now held by
him, should not he taken from him. I call your Honors'
attention to the subject. Very respec'fully,
ROBERT H. MORRIS, Mayor.
I, Henry Vandervoort, Clerk of the Court of Oyer and
Terminer and General Sessions of the Peace,in and for the
City and County of New-York,do certify, that at a Court
of Oyer and Terminer and General Jail Delivery, held
in and for the City and County of New-York, at the City
Hall of the said city, on Thursday, the :10th. day of Dec.,
* v... ........ ..... i ?-.i tan l,.v.- ii.... \l/... /??4
Circuit Judge of Ihe First Circuit of the State of NewYork,
anil Elijah F. Purdy anil Freil'k H. Lee, two of the
AMeimen of the city of New-York, Justices of the said
Court,of whish the said William Kent, Circuit Judge as
aforesaid, was the presiding Judge, William Wiley was
duly tried and convicted l>y and before the Justices aforesaid,
and a Jury duly rmpannelled and sworn, on an Indictment
charging him, the said William Wiley, with
receiving stolen goods, (scienter.)
Given under my hand, and attested by the seal of the
said Court, this 4th. day of January, in the year of onr
Lord, 1S4-J
HENRY VANDERVOORT.
Fokes, alias Rkvnolk* will oet Caught.?A
watchman of the Custom House, whose name is
Reynolds, with an A., with all the slyness of a
mouse, did into his neighbor's mansion stray. His
friend is known as John Sinclair, a man of kind ami
gentle way, who in the first ward does reside, and
who also gives his wife full sway. Reynolds, with
cunning, loxy like, whose fame extends through
song and story, an idea took on Wednesday night,
that ended in his watch house glory. Instead of
watching Uncle Sam, or goods and wares to him
belonging, he for a taste of sweet fresh grapes, had
fixed his palate for enjoying, and therefore to Sin
cluir's did trot, with appetite as keen as a briar, and
tapping on the window, said, " are you at home,
my dear Maria ?' As fleet as thought an answer
c tme to Archibald's close watchful ear, who in the
mansion quickly stepped, and closed the door, as he
quaked with fear. My story here ia dotted oat with
little stars, that then shone bright, and naught was
heard save the city watch, with " twelve o'clock,
all's well, good night." A hasty rap at Sinclair's
, hall, at first alarmed the guilty pair, hut silence fol
, lowing close at hand, the conclusion was, that
naught was there. On sudden ope'd the bed room
door, and Johnny S. before them stands, when
, Arche with his noted power, seized him with both
his powerful hands. The battle raged, and John
got beat, while Arche carried off his booty, but to
the Police office brought, he there was learned his
bounden duty. The peace was broken, so 'twas
?,;j h.. ihA.. 1 .L? J?? --J i? *1
bqiu xty ?.i"?v v*iiw Kufcniru me urt'iMiMi, ana uau
was asked in an hundred pound?, or Arche must be
?ent to prison. A friend he found, who toed the
mark, and bailed him from the prison door, Arche
having pledged his honor and his word such naughty
sins he'd do no more.
Moral.?All ye watchmen in Uncle Sam's employ
take warning by this awful case and mind who
you enjoy. Covet his goods, his public store?, and
all to comfort life, but covet not, nor ne'er intrude
upon your neighbor's wife. Far if you do you may
pet caught as Arche has above, and therefore injure
your good fame by rank illicit loveFiat.?The
alarm yesterday afternoon proceeded
from tha burning ot a closet in the front room of the
second H'*>r of the large five story building, No. 140
Nas-au sfeet, opposite Dr. Spring's church The
room had been unoccupied for some time, and there
is no doubt lite fire was communicated by an incend.ary.
Stealing Clothing.?A black woman named
Elizabeth Dillon, was arrested yesterday lor stealing
a qu unity of clothing front several other persons of
her color and committed to prison
Cask or SaRah Bcshell?This girl, who was
charsed with stealing a gold watch, and was sup
posed to be laboring undvr lunacy, was sent to the
lunatic asylum yesterday by order of the magistrates
A Watch-house Lonar.r.?A man named llenry
Capas was introduced to the Police Office by the
city watch, yesterday, as an applicant for lodgings
at one of the watch-houses, it being his twtnt&th introduction
as a lodger.
Knnai.ng a Bedfellow ?A man named Joseph
Cohen, was arrested and committed yesterday for
robbing Mr James Elliott, his bedfellow, of 50,
whtD th**y were asleep in a room together, at No
1 l(i Division street, on Thursday night. Cohen haying
been indebted to his landlord for board, paid
hirn $10 "f the money yesterday, on account, and
purchased a suit of cloinesfor of Henry Marks.
The clothes were returned to Marks, the money to
Elliott, and Cohen sent to prison.
Ptokf.Thief?A woman named Elizabeth Carvey.
was arrested yesterday, on suspicion of stealing
a piece of merino valued at $20, from the store of
J C Brink, 68 Hudson street, on the 27ih ult. Committed.
One or the Late Cases or Infanticide.?The
young woman named Ann Sexsrnith, who was
charged wuh infanticide tor destroying her child in
December last, w?s discharged yesterday, the Crand
Jury finding no bill against nim.
I UJVInHMXIsT u(IMMLTET),? Oitmtiri U. UOUSP, WHO
wan convicted of ihe murder of William Vinson, at
Fiotlandn, and sentenced to be hung on the 11th of
February next, is not to suffer the extreme penalty
of the law. By a mandate of the Governor he has
been sent to the State prison for ten years. The
BroiklynNews states that the decision was made
without any application having been lorwarded
from here on the prisoner's behalf, but simply upon
an examination of the testimony by the Chancellor,
the Attorney General, and the Judges of the Supreme
Court.
Dikd ix a CouhtRoom.?Mr. John 1'. Raymond,
a native of Charlestown. Ma?., and one of tfie Constables
of the Sixteenth ward, on entering the Court
room of Justice Hhey, yesterday morning, sudden
ly lell down-arid expired- lie was in good health
when be left home, but had been complaining previously
of a palp ition of the heart. Upon examination
by the Coroner's jury it was decided that his
death proceeded from an affection of the heart.
Special gtuloni.
Before Judge N.iah and Aldermen Innes and
Simpson.
Fridav, Jaw. 7th ?James Wil?on, a hoy. for
stealing a quantity of carpenter's tools from Gsorge
D amAeld, worth #7, was tried and acquitted ?
Mary Bunning, for stealing a pair of blankets, valued
at J|2, from Joseph Morse & ( ? , was found
guilty and sent to the city prison for thirty days.
A man named Patrick Smith, who, in a drunken
frolic some weeks since, threw a young woman
naued Eliza Moflatt, into the fire, in kis dwelling
house, and burned her so severely, that she is still
confined in the Bellruc Hospital, and also set fire
to his wife's clothes with a lighted candle, was
tried and sentenced to the penitentiary f.r fottr
months ! ! If he had been sent to the General Sessions,
bis brutsl conduct would have been punished
bvat least a year'spuuishment. Charles Moore, a
a black fellow,who was tried for stealing a fine coat
worth SIO, from Edward Morgan, was sentenced to
six months, and having been fonnd guilty, a few
weeks since, for stealing a pair of ladies' slippers,
from Gregory and Cahill, on which judgment
was suspended at the time, he was senten' ed on
that ?rime, for six months also. Patrick Hoden,
was tried for an assault and battery, on the body
of allaytien negro, named John Miller, and for
stealing a note from him,but there being no evidence,
except that of the negro?be was discharged.
Henry Galton, for assaulting his wife Mary,
was sent to the penitentiary for sixty days.
John McClusky for assaulting Ellen Mahony and
her husband, was sant np lor 60 days Gustavus
Reeve, for stealing three ladies' shoes, a boot and
a silver medal from the show case of Joseph Whitney.
was sent up for 60 days.
The Caurt here adjourned to half past 9 o'clock,
on Tuesday morning
AreoixTMuxT av thi Gotxrwor.?Januarys.?
Albert M Baker, of Adrian, commissioner of deeds
for the State of Michigan, in place of Philo C. Fuller,
who has resigned.
LD.
mmtwoCwu
Circuit court.
Before Judge Kent.
Jan. 7?John S. MUrhtH ft hour .forts el at.?This
wan an action of replevin. Mr. JohnS. Mitchell,
Jr. was one of the firm of Street Mitchell. 8*id
lirm became unfortunate in business,and the house*
hold furniture of Mr. Mitchell, Jr in Fmnklin it.
i said to have been of a cost I jr and elegant descrip
mm, was, as now asserted, assigned to bit tattler,
1 the pl.iiotill in this suit, who had been an endorser
j (and grvat loser) for the firm. Part of the furniture
wai ?old at auction, and a portion of it, inch aa
j a piano, a caudelebras, Brussels carpet, elegant table*,
ehaii a, and other article*, choicely selected,
' taken by Mr. Thompson, Jr. to the house of Mr*.
Huchla Allen, 54 Varick street,with whom himself
and lady took board. In January, 1H40, Prlr. Jones,
the defendant, obtained a judgment and execution
against the firm of Street Mitchell, for $202, and
the Sheritr levied upon the furniture in possession
of Mr. Mitchell, Jr. at the house of Mrs. Allen.
The plaintiff replevined it, aud now brings suit.
Mr. Mitchell, Jr subsequently removed to Connecticut,
and part of the furniture?the piano and other
articles?were ibere seen, as appeared by the testimony,
in his possession, and the counsel for Mr,
Jones contended that the plaintiff never, in fact,
had owned it, although a bill of sale, and other such
documents, were shown, the furniture never having
gone out of possession of Mr. Mitchell, Jr.?
The Jury gave a verdict for defendant in the
amount of claim and interest, being ?266.
Mr. Curtis for plaintiff? for defendant, Mr- U.J
EHlon.
1'eler IV Hinton ot. Jtmt Hay* et al.?This also
was an action of replevin. The house of Hinten
Moore (John W. Hinton and Jas. A. Moore) very
extensive ship owners in South street, failed in
ifctSl, and assigned Iheir property, amounting to
nearly half a million of dollars, to Messrs Armour
& Bancker, for the benefit of their creditors. The
ussignces appointed Messrs H. & M. their agents
to settle up the concern. The plaintiff in this suit
who is the son of Mr. John W. Hinton, was placed
in the schedule as u creditor, to the amount of
nearly $15,000. Mr J. W. H. at the time of the
failure, resided at 41 Dey street, and Mr. Moore at
26 Broadway, and the furniture in their houses wae
included in the assignment?that of the former, a
short time afterwards, was conveyed to the plaintill',
who took possession and transferred it to his
house in Greenwich street. Mr John W. Hinton,
with his family, removed to NtaatHburgb, in this
State. The following winter they passed in the
house of the plaintiff, ar.d in May following, Mr.
J. W. H. took a house in Washington street, and
the whole of the family, including the plaintitt,
nrlm h,..l i?.? . '
.vwvu?,j IVOI Mir ? lie, HCHl IU rcMUC lucre
taking the furniture in question, which, it is alleged,the
son liad loaned to his father.with a view tothe
making of him and his mother comfortable in
their declining age. This was placed in the house
and has since then been in the possession of the father,
In 13:W, Mr. John W. Hinton, wrecked,
though not whelly discouraged, took a house o!
Mrs.Hays,thn defendant, No 9 Vandewaterst. for
the purpose of keeping boarders. The third quarter's
rent he was unable to pay in season, and his
furniture was takrn under a landlord's warrant, but
subsequently given np, the aroonnt being settled.
He removed on the ?0 h April, 1840, to No. 5 Rose
1 street, leaving the last quarter ($117) unpaid ?
Mrs Hays followed his furniture with a warrant,
and it was levied upon on the 18th Mar- Mr Peter
W. Hinton bad removed south, hut [eft an agent
to act for him, who replevined, and suit is brought,
Mr. L. Bryant, the effiecr who levied on the
third quarter, testified that Mr. John W. Hinton
said nothing about the property belonging to kit
on, but spoke of it as his own.
The Jury, after a short absenee, returned with a
verdict in favor of defendant.
For plaintiff, W. 8. Sears, Esq.?for defendant,
G. Clark, Esq.
Tub New Jersey Pilots, during the month if
December, brought into the port of New Yolk,
thirty-four vessels from tea; twenty-one being
boarded out sight of land, and piloted'nut thirtyfive.
One of the pilot boata lay to outside of Sandy
Hook seventy-two hours, during a severe storm.
She went to leeward as far south as Egg Harbor';
when the wind shifted, she was driven N. E to
Long Island, rnd during the gale apoke three vessels
?Newark Daily Adv.
Ileus atonic Railroad ?The business on this
road, says the Bridgeport Farmer, is quite equal to
the most sanguine expectations of its friends. The
amount received by the company for freight and
passage during the week ending 1st Jsn. uista'..t,
was as follows :?
Passenger fare, $669 97
Bown height, 610 30
Up freight, 6*0 00
$1,8*1 <>7
Lake Steamkb.?The government steamer, which
it ordered to be built for Lake Erie, it is said id to
be constructed at the town of Erie,and of iron.
Sunk?Steamer Frances was stove in by drifted
ice, on Wednesday night, as she lay at the foot of
Bulger's slip, and sank at the side t.f the dock.
AUCTION NOTICE ? Large sale of Tiliistile furniture,
hr riOlnnie ll.x.l.r at 1(6 ii'rl.wV u! tSr ulr rimtru
W Ann &u(l 115 Kultou all. 'lllOS. BKl.L, Auctioneer.
_j?
OAN08' RKMKUY KOUSM.T RHe.l Vl-S.ill Rheum,
hr Ringworm, Tetter, Scald Head. Ba^her'a or Jackann
Itch, Kcaema, P.ioriaMe Palinam, aud other diaeaeea ?f the
akin. are ?*fely, certainly, and ITertuMllj rund by tlie u?e nt
Sanu'a Remedy, which hae now been tented in more than
twelve lh?u>?nJ different caeca ef the abote diaraa-a without
hiving failed in anv where the directiona are alt tided to. The
unparalleled aucrraa of ton remedy in euriug the dmeaaea of
theikin ia without equal in the hiatory ?i medicine. The
Compound Syrup ?( wataapa'ilia ia recommritdrd to be ueed
with the remedy, a* it tenor to throw out from the blond and
ayatem generally all the unhealthy humor connected with the
diacaetr, and the application of 'he remedy ei'ernally at the
lame time, entirely eradicate* it ftom tne ayatem The remedy
ia perfectly hartnleea ill ita operation!, and may tie ap
nil-a with perfect aafety even to the akin ol the trndrreat infant.
Teatimoniala of ita efficacy are daily receive-', and lit*
following are aelecled tor publication, which, it ia thought,
will aaliafy the intltd Olevery candid yeraon of it* ntraordinary
virtue*;?
Meter* A B kD Sand*?Gentlemen, I certify that I Itave
been cured if thf Salt Hlirum ol ten yeara standing, by the ttae
of your remedy and Syi tip of Saraaparilla, atel I tvtah firry
peraontrau led with Ihia drrad'nl dtaraae in any form would
call on me, and I will aa'iafy them that your mrdKiur will
cure litem perfectly.
Your*, truly.
ANNA MARIA WEIBALL.
reaidenee 1*0 Naaaau atrevt. New York. June 3, 1*40 Store
14* Fultonatreet.
Meter*. A.B. k D. Sand ?Oe-itlem-D. I procured a hoi ol
your raluablc r?medy for Salt Hheum aii mo?th? nnce (or iny
ion, who was then aerarely alD rtrd w ith the diaeaae on hia
hand*, and alter at pl' ihg the remedy a rrrvehort time, aaing
leaa lhau one tenth of the bo*, the dteired rn-.cl waa produced
and the cure complete, aince whok t'tne t here hna been lo tetum
of the coin plaint. koura, rrapeelfully.
josErii c. btaWtlky.
New Y'irk. Oct. IT. IMu t* Pelaiey *tr?et.
Mraara Route and I'crlmig-Mrvine heard fro none of my
frieiiriii at MeDunougb. ihat you had an infallible remed;-for
the Salt Rheum, I rr "cured aome ler my wile. She had been
troubled with tee eoirpl out fire ur an yeara, and I am haia>?
to in'orm you lint the remedy ha* entirely < ured her. All I
ate to IT ia. it a*y ptraon n afflicted with tram wor?t of all
otnpla nt?. b"#' a"'' "ae Sand'a Kemidy for the Salt Rheuin '*
The h hoc leiiifirate w aa aeut to our Agent, Rome V Parkin*.
Oitnrd. Chenango CO. N Y
i'reptred and aold at whole ale and retai'.bv A- B. it I),
jtande, Pruegi*i,7* U |i-o Fulton atreet, N. Y.; alio by Darul
Sand* k t o. 77 Eaat Broadway ; Abr/n. H. Sanda k Co m
Broadway ; alio (old by Druggieia generally throughout the
United Statea dl? Inn
THE LA KG EST THE CHEAPEST,
AND best ASSORTMENT OF
wigs and scali's
APR TO PR RCT7*I> AT
v. clirehugh's,
IM BROADWAY. ENTRANCE IN FULTON ST.
THE nauy attempt! that are daily making to imitate H.eaa
ftrlebralrd wig* and ecalp*, are juat aa many proofa of
t>? high character they have attained, and the ealimation t'ury
tra held in by the trade. But the public will oheerve that C i*
tbaoriginal murr hi thia oountry of
the ventilating and gossamer
W I G S AND SCALP S,
WITHOUT METALLIC SPRINGS.
ind that all otliera are but feeble attempt! at imitation.went
in* tha genoie to ih vine or direct the principle on which they
are made lo At. and the tkill and practice In eaecute
All wearera and rniinoir<eiira are invited to inarect h *
HEADS OF HA1K,
ehich for elegance, liglitneee, and durability may ha cia*?d
tmon* lite firat production* of modern art. In their mauufaejura
tTiey differ from all othria made here. Tha ha.r ia nugly
.waarted. and to equally dietrthnted a* to appear juat laauiur
horn the akin they cover no mor* of the brow than tha natural
air doea. and having no metallic vpring, all -lie:.irre?ablr p.rr-eira
la obviated. For a-.outheru elimale thay ar* in**li"t. .hi*
e, <ng inly I ox. weif >t.
Senator*, meoihe'* of t'migree*. ?od gentlemen from erery
iiiarter of th?"'"'ulrr, who are anw wearing C.'e wig*, exa t
wfbrrrd to.
*h# pneei will b* found to guit th# cirrnm*??nr?e if ell
;>?? _ _ '*'?
HKMOVAI. - I PC \ It It OLL'H Old h*tahli*l.?'l MeillMMd
I?V*por B?th?*re remored from ti J >hn afreet to U ''onrtiwdt
ilrttt. Mr*. J. P. CarrolI return* thotikt to the forulir
portieularly nod the |*ililie iu general, for the liberal *U|port
extended to thi* eatablwhment for the lut fif'een fear*, an it
topee by her aaeiduity and attention, to merit a eontmuaac* o
he Mine.
Th* Bath* are open from o'tltei m th* morn tag til I o'eloa *
a night, and are need with much aoeeea* in all madden cold*,
-hawnatiam,croup,fct. kr t* which they afford immediate r*
ief. Testimonial* of their tiheaey caabe aeen at theeatahliah
Et from the fallowing eminent phyaieiaa* Oorlor* A. II
'*na,V. Molt Bueh. Iloyd, Marnei in,Hhm*land*r.Neil?ot,.
th,Ireland, Kimam. Borrow*, Vandeobergh, fce. it M.
rhuraad Shower Bathaeao be had at all time*. Portable V\|..r
Bath*, Bathing Tuba, and Hip Bathe, for eat* or hire. Bathe
*amt toaay part of theeity or Broohlya Syrup of Sanaparilla
irna Lirerwort, lu.freah I rotn th* Shaker* aadfNEW VORK HERALD.
w York. s.11 nr<th y, .Tninmry 8, JS-|t|.
Tlio Sunday Ilirulit
Will be published lo-moirow morning ad u.-ual.
li will contaiu, exclusively, a report of the exciting
scenes which are daily taking place in Congress.
The other Sunday papers have no means to get up
such intelligence. It will also contain a full report
of the moral, curious andexcitiug scenes which *re
expected to take place to-day ut the Surgical cluuqut
oflhe University Medical School, held in Stuyvesant
Institute. Here the intolerant attd tyranical
Faculty of that School will probably attempt to exclude
the representative of a free, intelligent and independent
press, from the public assemblage of a
public institution, chartered by the legislature, for
the public good. All the medical men of the city
will be present to see the issue of this outrage on the
liberty of the pre.-*. A full account will he given in
the Sunday Herald to-morrow, together with nil
the various news of the day and night, including the
foreign n?-ws expected by the packet ship England.
Price two cents per copy.
Neat Hewn from Europe.
Tiie swift sailing packet England, Capt. B. L.
Waite, is now daily expected from Liverpool, with
four days later intelligence from Europe and one
mouth later D'-ws front China. Captain Waite generally
takes the .-hort route over the Atlantic, and we
therefore look (or him every moment. Our news
collector will have an eye directed to Sandy Hook.
The Pipei-vvkhs Bhouoht I'r?Licextioitmiess
or tiu: Phe.?* ?It will be recollected in Wall street
and through, u' le Siate Prisons of the country,
that, during the pipelaying entente which took place
here, previous to the elections of 1840, the " Courier
St Enquirer," one of the organs of the Pipelayers,
charged Col. J. 1). Stevenson, who made the first exposure
of the frauds, with being "branded on the fact
rr? a perjurer,'" and that he had procured money from
an Insurance Company to corrupt the members of ConUreas
in relation to the pilot bill. .Since that remarkable
instance of the beastly licentiousness of the Wall
street press, nothing h is been said by that journal
till yesterday, when we find the following equally
remarkable disclaimer of the atrocious charges
[From the Courier St Enquirer. Jan.
The charges injurious to the character of Jonathan 1>.
Stevenson, in relation to the evidence given by him on
the examination into the alleged election frau Is of 1838
and is.il), and as to conduct in regard to the pilot law,
made in the Courier aud Enquirer of -27th October 1810,
were made without any personal knowledge on our part
ol their truth or falsity?hut at the time of making them,
from information, we believed them to be true. As now
advised, wo believe that these charges arc without just
foundation, and should, therefore n< verhavo been made,
and we esteem it projK-r that they should be considered
as withdrawn.
From this statement it now appears, that the
conductors of the " Courier," James Watson Webb i
\r Co., have taken back every libel they uttered i
against Col Stevenson?eat up at one mouthful their i
gross calumniations?and, of course, give in their
adhesion to the truth of Col S's statements, and the
affidavit he then made. This singular conviction,
and revival, " as now advised," has no doubt been
produced by the additional evidence furnished bv i
James L. Glentworth, and thus, in a remaikable
way, has been established the truth of the terrible <
frauds committed on the ballot box in IS 10. i
It seems that Cob Webb was brought to his bear- t
ings by a legal process. A few days since he made i
the inquiry through his counsel, "does Mr. Ste- t
venson want money or public reparation!" To i
this inquiry Col Stevenson, with a manly and frank t
generosity of character, replied, " Tell Webb, if 1 i
were to receive from the hands of a jury $10,000 in I
damages, I would give the money to a public insti- I
tution?because my sense of propriety would never i
permit me to take a dollar of money that ever came <
through the hands of a man who hears such a repu i
tation as Webb. 1 want pnblic reparation to my \
character?nothing more." On this being reported 1
to the proper quarter, the paragraph copied from t
" Courier" was prepared, and a bill of costs amount- t
ing to t$lb0 made out. 1
Ou the bill being presented to Col. Webb, he asked i
" will you take my note for the amount!" "Not t
exactly" was the reply?" it must be a check or t
money." The check was given?the paragraph i
published?and all parties are satisfied?Col. Ste- t
venson, with the reparation to his character for truth |
and honor?and Col. Webb that all Col. S's state- t
meats were true to the letter <
And thus ends one of those ,-hockiug cases of Ii- i
centiousnees of the press, which political intrigue
engender in public nlFnirs The other case on the ?
carpet is that of Charles King of the American, who ?
rendered himselt equally amenable to the laws, bat g
who is ob-tinate enough to let it come before a jury. ^
The result we shall soon know. The damages are
laid ut Public opinion and public tnorais
are coming right by the natural progress of events. (
Rejoice and be glad, sous and daughters of men! (
c
New P\nk Note List.?Tuompson's new Lank
Note I-ist, comes out, we bohu\ ?, 'o-day. We notice
that the shin newspaper, hi*, h i- conducted by
the proprietor and agent of the Jacksonville Shinplaster
Lank, (rates of-having ;h poor lj percent), (
attempts to discredit this new ' and characterises
it as being published by " I .ra."
There is a reason fur this attack. A few |days c
ago, Captain Morgan, the President of the Jack- 1
sonville Bank, called upon Mr. Thompson, and ''
asked lum?" W? w? w? won't you put in the v
Jack?Jack?Jack?Jacksonville Bank into your '
list?' " Xo," replied Mr. T. " I shall quote no i!
banks that have been broken, and then set revived;
I'll have nothing to do with any shinpldiiter concerns.
1 mean to publi^-h a correct and honest
bank note list." On receiving this reply, the Jacksonville
financier returned to Little Biddle, and reported
progress?hence the attack 111 the Sun.
Mr App! gate, the printer in Ann street, had a
similar sc -ne with Mr. Thompson, nad told him
knowingly?" Mr. Thompson, it will be for your interest
to treat the Jacksonville bank right." " 1
certainly shall treat it right," replied T . " and put
it down among the broken banks revived for a season
" Mr. Applega'.e looked blank.
These revivals of broken banks are too much like
the revivals of s me sinners? it begets back sliders
of the very worst kind. Take rare of them i
Hahsdkx A* Co will plea-c accept our thanks
for Albany and Boston papers, in advance of the
mail. Ilarndcn's Express is invaluable.
Hotel is Richsiosd, Viroixia.?We call the a'tention
of our readers to Fred. Boyden'is card, in
our advertising columns of to-day. It will be seen
he has put at rest the slanders of all those, interested
in telling all the tales they could invent about extravagant
charges. His terms arc as moderate as the
other hotels have heretofore b. en in Richmond, and
rotn what we heat, the people ore beginning to find ;
out that good living, clean beds, and good attendance,
are a little better than they have been accustomed
to, for the last half century, in Richmond ;
hence something must be resorted to by the baconand-greens
and apple-toddy landlords, to break dow n
all interlopers and friends of improvement.
Mr. Ke\ ?f.r ?We would refer our readers to the
advertisement of this artist, in another column of
our paper to day Mr. Keyser is favorably known
among the musical world, as a pupil of the great
composer r^pohr, and those who have heard his brilliant
notes on the violin, will acknowledge he do?s
credit to hie ma?lro.
We would recommend all thes? desirous of engaging
a good teacher on the vio'in or piano fort-,
to embrace this opportunity of obt miiug one I n
terms arc moderate.
Love's Libor Lost.?The p etical attacks of t o
'* Evening Post" on I'M war the roller; t ?
He is charged with the crim of being the t - 1
of Gleatwoilh, in his distress Tb,* is '
burglary" at least?particularly as the amiab'c eh r
got all the fees, instead of the counsel.
La
Tile LrgUlature-Plrat uTCinrnti.
The Legislature of New York begins the work cl
reform in the bert and boldest spirit. They hive
much to do in order to replace the " Umpire State'
in its former elevated position, before the pipelayen
laid its character low in the riu?t, and reduced it
public credit 20 per cent below par. The followit ^
is a brief rtiume of their first move neni:?
Ljeumlatuae or Nrw Yomt?Wedhesiixy?Th"
Returns from the Hank of America, of unclaimed dividends,
was laid on the table. Mr. Hunter a. vnoticeof
his intention hereafter to introrluce a lull,
changing the manner of appointing the Hank Commissioners.
Mr. Foster then introduced a bill to repeal the law
of last year, vesting in the I'ank Commissioners the
appointment of Receivers to bankrupt institutions,
and restore it to the Chancellor.
This bill was immediately committed, debated,
amended, reported to the Senate, and passed, 17 to
11, when the Srnate adjourned.
In the Assembly, the Annual Report of the Superintendent
of Common Schools, was luid on the
table.
Notices of bills were given for repealing the New
York Registry Law, the law reorganizing the Court
of Sessions, and the law of 4th May, 1S40, for the
better regulation of State Prisons.
A bill was reported by Mr- Toivnsend, and committed,
relative to the interest of money.
A resolution relative to the public printing, was
introduced and referred; the object being, as we infer
from Mr. Swackhamer's remarks, to get rid of
the Slate printer.
This is the right way?the bold way?the proper
way. Let there be no faltering in the great work?
and the great body of the honest people, who elected
the present legislature, will hold them to their
pledges and principles. The people at large care
nothing who has the " spoils," provided they are
given to honest men. Thurlow Weed with his
$69,000 a yearm-u.-t march?Noah and Lynch must
march ?the Hank Commissioners must march?und
Governor Seward himself must inarch?all in due
order and with respect and decorum.
It is said, however, that, to all these reforms the
Governor will interpose the veto. Very well?do so
if lie chooses. If he gives one veto to a law, he
will have t? gi;-e twenty?for we are persuaded that,
should he take that ground, the Legislature will sit
till next November?present him with the same
principles, under every species of modification, and
try the question whether a pipe-laying governor can
control the popular voice of New York, or the voice
of the people is to prevail! "Little Veto" will
have his hands full. Glorious times in Albauy !
X. B. We request our correspondents at Albany to
write by llarnden's Expicss,and we shall pay them
liberally for their labor.
Ttie University Mcdlcul School?Its Surgical
Cllnl?|iic?Recent Comluct of Mm Faculty,
The Surgical L'linique of the University Medica]
School opens this day, for the first time since the
commencement of the year. We shall, as usual,
send our Reporter to obtain an account of the proceedings,
although it appears that the Faculty have
resolved to exclude him because he happens to be
the Editor of the ImiiuI. l?ut we will test their
right to close the doors of a public Institution against
the public press, not before the members of a class,
but before the assembled intelligence and good
sense of the Medical profession of this city.
The recent conduct ol this Faculty is marked
with n degree of injustice, and ingratitude, which
s exceedingly unbecoming. We have expended
tpwardsof ttjt.oOO in actual outlay, for the procuring
md publishing of reports of opening lectures, pro:eedings
at the Clinique, \'c , of this establishment,
whilst all the sums paid by the Faculty for
advertisements in our paper have not amounted to
more than :?'30. We made this expenditure cheerfully,
and without solicitation, because we regarded
the organization of this School, as a gratifying move
ment towards a loudly demanded revolution in the
system of Medical education in this country. And
jur exertions in favor of the School have been repeatedly
represented by the Faculty themselves, as
laving been most advantageous to the interests of
he institution Of three hundred students, collected
"rom all parts of the Union, the Canadas, and West
Indies, at least the one half were attracted to the
:iew College by our gratuitous and favorable noice?.
The Professors have again and again declared
hat th? Xnr York Herald had been greatly instrumental
in raising their school to its present elevaion;
numbers ot the Students themselves, especially
"roni the remoter parts of the Union, have informed
he Editor of the lAincel that his reports of the
Unique which appeared in the Herald, were the
neausof br.nging them to New York.
And now let us reverse thp picture, and study the
onduct of this Faculty towards the press,whose eflii'-nt
services in their behalt they had themselves
o frankly acknowledged. We find them coolly
ticking aside the ladder by which they have ascendd
to prosperity?we find them turning round, and
n direct violation of the terms of their charter, ex'luding
from tlie-ir Institution a gentleman fully enitled
by their own laws to attendance on all the
ourscs ot lecturer delivered in their halls! And all
his, because in the discharge of his duties, as the
onductor of a medical journal, he undertook to re.
dew their labors as public teachers.
The Editor of the f.'MCtl was as properly entitled
o attendance on Dr. Mott's lectures, and those ol
he other professors, as those gentlemen are to ocupy
their respective chairs. And yet, because the
Iditorof the lAtnrrt, in accordance, too, with the
ermission of a Professor, though it was afterwards
withdrawn, thought proper t# exercise his undoubtd
right in bringing that Professor properly before
,e public,the Faculty presume to violate their char r,
trample on their own order, ant)attempt to conrol
a tree end independent press.
This institution is about to apply to the Legislaure
for a grant of $20,000, but assuredly such con!uc*.
as that on which it has been our duty to eontnent,
is anything but calculated to advance their respectability
and worth in the estimation of the
mblic and the government of the Jrtate. Such arntrary
and unjust proceedings iudicate a spirit too
nuch akin to that of the dark ages ot monkish inolerance.
This is not the way in w'hich a public
n-titution should seek to win favor in the eyes of
ill men, ndvance the great interests of a uoble
cience, and carry out the important purposes and
lesigns, for the attainment of which it ha oern
irganized. The reign of monopolies in scieuce and
ducation, as Bellas in other things, is over. No
mdy of men can be permitted now to make inrrhandise
of public education lor their own excluive
benefitWe
trust that this establishment will speedily rejam
the ground it has lost, by the return ol the Faulty
to that independent, just, and liberal course
which can alone sustain any popular institution
We have ever been friendly to the school?we are
-till its inends?but we will never lend our influence
to any Institution which assumes an attitude hostile
to the general good, but, i n the contrary, will
unhesitatingly place it in itstiue position before the
public.
?vlr Mavxivg, a pupil of th? celebrated Pacini,
adveriises to give instruction in singing and on the
pianoforte A !? ng residence njNaples, and a scholar
of the best masters, together with his own superior
musical knowledge, entitles Mr. Manning to the notice
of the musical world. His terms are adapted
to the times, and his references are of the first order
We invite attention to his advertis-ment.
J"Mall Pox?Swveral ol the medical students
have recently been sick, and one has died of small
pox or seerlet fever. A nnmbcr of them are (juite
ill uun these terrible diseases, which are on the increase
in thts city There are many of our citizen?
afflicted at present with the scarlet fever We advise
all to k< sp their feet dry and their h ad cool,
and avoid all unnecessary exposure.
Sis Charles Paoot?This gentl< man, act ompa
nied by a large suite, including six servants, arriv- <
at Albany on Wednesday night, in rntdt for Kington,
Upper Canada.
Raised ?The blockade of Carthagena
- 1 1 iJ- gg^
Cmgrru.
The Senate was occupied during the greater p"rtinn
of its session on Thursday by the continued debate
on the Board < f Exchequer, on which subject
Mr. Woodbury spoke fur two hours. In the House
ri Representative an attempt was made by Mr Sal'.oa-tail,
the lie.nl of the Committee on Manufactures,
to ol tun authority to take testimony respecting the
ration of lite Tariff Laws, which originated a
brief debate on that absorbing subject, without
leading to any practical result. The New Treasury
Mote Bill was taken up in committee of the whole
House, and an explanation of its- necessity revealed
thehmkrupt condition of the National Treasury.
Mr. Wise took occasion to move an amendment to
provide that the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands should be applied to the discharge of ail the
liabilities of the government, and that no Treasury
Motes should be issued so long as there were funds
arising from the sales of the public lands. This
amendment was undisposed of when the House
adjourned.
Arhest ok the U. S. Bank Financiers?Ups and
Downs ok Like.?On Thursday morning last, Nicholas
Biddle, Samuel Jaudon, Joseph Cowperthwaite,
John Andrews, and Thomas Dunlop, were arrested
on a charge of conspiracy to defraud the stockholders
of the U.S. Bunk, and carried before the RepnrHur
itf PhilaH^lnhin fnr PYAmionfinn On HTIiiim
day next this extraordinary examination will take
place, aud they were liberated on a bail of .510,000
each.
This isthe "commencementof the end" in the
corrupt banking system. Here ia the finale of the
once greatest bauk, and greatest financiers of the
United States, whose word was law in Wall street,
and all the monetary world. How inscrutable are
the ways of the Almighty ! Here is the legitimate
end of a banking system, conducted and founded on
wrong and erroneous principles. A general bitternesejof
spirit exists in Philadelphia, that will close
in some fatal catastrophe?some universal disorganization
of society?some bloody revolution of classes 1
against classes. Better, much better that no bank I
had ever existed, than to see such men arrested as 1
criminals?brought to the bar like felons?and their
memories covered with disgrace, Getter, mu;h better
that no bank, neither State nor .National, not a
solitary bank, had ever been chartered, than to witness
the shock which society is about to receive.?
Shocking! shocking! shocking!
The bankingsystein has been the ri ot of ali evil.
Credit has operated like the great Tempter 4when
he first entered I.Jen. Cred.t rnn mad has been
the apple that
Brought le.itti into the '.voriil and all our woe,
With loss of iiden.
A broad, deep, universal spirit of bitterness is over
all the society of Philadelphia, that wiil lead to
terrible animosities, and terrible times. The banking
system has produced this'awful state of things.
And yet this evil is only in the " beginning of the
end." Look at the sovereign States covered with
debt, with little to pay it with, and all Europe looking
aghast at their insolvency and despair. These
are also the fruits oi a corrupt banking system?of
suspension of specie payments?of a credit system
?running to riot. A corrupt newspaper j press,
which supported and advocated a corrupt and rotten
banking system, and which imwtabiy concealed
the truth from the public, has led the neople astray?
flattered such amiable and accomplished men as
Xicliolus Diddle, till they are brought to the verge
of disgrace and dispair. And in the face of the se
awful disclosures, we see a Judge on the Criminal 1
Bench of New York, denouncing that Independent 1
portion of the press, which warned the public of
such calamity?which expostulated with the great |
and small financiers oi the day?which honestly '
tried to prevent the Great and the Little Biddies from '
pursuing a career that invariably ends in ciscredit,
disgrace, revulsion, revolution and ruin. (
\Ve are only going through the career which the
unhappy repubba-it France did in the first stage vf j
tier existence. Credit?unlimited credit?credit
run to riot, ruined their moral?, their religion, their
government, their country?their all. " Woe, -roe,
wee to Jerusalem! Woe, w*e, woe to us."
Fanny Elssleh's Reply to Mm- Simpson.?The
war lias broken out in a very pleasant quarter.
The great danseu*e and the manager are at sword's
points. The last shot was tired by Mr. Simpson, to
which Mademoiselle Fanny returns ihe following
broadside in her own handwriting
A CAW.
Mile. Elssler begs to apologise to the public for
troubling them with a discussion in which they can feel
hut little interest; but as their good opinion it in all
matters a great object to her, she will o.ier thp following
remarks in reply to Mr. Simpson's card -relying with
confidence on their impartial judgment.
In npp nring on Monday last, MIIp. Elssler had a twofold
obj-ct in view?to remunerate the theatre from any
loss arising from her illness, and to enable the management
to pay up the salaries of the artists that are withheld
in con sequence of the thcatie closing for two nights.
It was therefore the more unpleasant to her to sea it advertised,
agsinst her desire that she nppeared under
"solicitations,*' when such was not the case- leaving it
to be inferred that she was paid, when she was not.
Again. Mr. Simpson has no right to complain o( " loss,*'
since Mile. Elssler undertook the < ngageinent against
her inclinations, and only at his earnest and repeated
request.
Siip alsi^feels herself justified in doubting the fairness
of Mr. 8.'s statement, believiug lie includes in his sum
total of loss tufiof kt did nut make on tie off when
perhaps no really attractive entertainment was offered
to the public. Such a method of estimating lost nay
serve Mr. Simpson's purpose of complaint, hut does not
in any way compromise Mile. Elssler.
There is 110 desire on the part of Mile. Elssler to prolong
a controversy into which slin has been driven by |
tr) ing to serve Mr. Simpson, and therefore l egs to close I
it by making the following proposition Tnat if Mr.
Simpson will pay the aforesaid s ilaries to the artists and |
mechanics attached to the theatre, "who are little able I
to bear the loss at this rigorous season of the yaw," I
Mile. Elssler hereby hinds horsslf to make g. 1 I vitt j
cent ol loss sustained by her.
Aeior Mount', jan. i ui, is*-..
We now wait for Mr. Simpson's reply to t.i? ia.-t .
proposition. What say I Alter we receive that, ,
we shall then deliver our charge to the ury?and (
receive a verdict as soon as possible. The business
must be despatched, because Fanny has taken the j
whole cabin of the fine bark Louisa, now at Phila- |
delpbia, ready to sail for Havana on the 12th in at.
The ImiIUI corpi sail from this city under Martin? (
f*y!vain remains here to dp.nce on his own hook.
Arrivals at New York, in 1S-I1?We have re <
ceivi d from Mr. James Thome, boarutng officer, (
the following very important statement 01 the commerce
of this port for the last year. It exhibits the |
number of arrivals from foreign porta only, none
from ports in the l uited States- If the latter were i
incl uded the list would be increased more than two- i
fold. Annexed is the statement:?
Koreion Arhiv w.a IS 1341.
Aircrican? Ship*. 433 Hamburg? Shirs, 5
" lUrkt, 133 " Bark*, 7
Brip*. Set " Brifr*. 3
Sthrt, 343 Dat ia . Shis*, t
Britiih Sh i?. IS ' Bark*, 1
' St*?m.do, 7 " B-ip*. *
" Uatk*. j? " Schr*, 1
Brig*. 111 Ami nan?Ship*. 1
* Schr?, 91 " Barkf, \
Kr?nch Ship*. 3 " Brig*, I
" Bark*, 7 Norwrg'n- Bark*, 4
** Brip*, 19 11 Brig*, 3
Brtinrj??Shi**, 10 C o'.omb n ? Brig*. 7
Hark*, 3t " Srhr*, a
" Brip*, 11 N*apolit'n-R*ik*. I
" Schr*. 1 ' Brip*. 3
Spauiah Schr*, : Piu**ian?-Ship*, t
Swrdiih?- ship*, 3 " Ba-lu. I
H.rkr, It " Bript, 3
' Brigs, .3 prrtup'*??Schr*, 3
" Schr*, 1 (9?noe?e? Brip*, 1
Sicilian Shin*. t Biar lian?Brigt,
" Bark*. 1 Vrnti'ln?Brip*. 3
' Brig*. 7 " Schr*, J
Schr*. 1 Hay lian?Brip., i
Dutch Bark*, 3 Sardinian?Bark*. I
Brie*. 3 " Brip*. 3
" 44afii?U, 9 Italian Brip*. I
" Seine, 3 (?re?k Brig*. I
Total, <1.118
It Laem that three-fourths of our commerce with
foreign nations is carried on n American bottoms.
We cive in addition the number ol passenger* arrived
in the same time, in comparison with the number
in Hk):?
r*??rs !? R? \nr.t t \i ni: Tear i t N*w York.
is.o-p'nrripn? Cabin, * 4 *34
Do do Slrr ap*. 33 779 *1.103 total.
1841?-Fi.rt iju?I. abiu, -.041
Do do BUrri-pf, jjaj??8" 831 total.
3,1*8
ra*?. npris from Umneilic Port*, by **u ?
1*40 7 490
I 1811 ?;?c 1 430 lncnai*.
ItRoti Krirarr.?The " American" calls the new
fi cal plan, a " sword-aad-pume power." Th s is
ay the ancient Greeks formed their ;id,?ctiv*s.
A
P OSTSCRIP T.
WnthlnKton.
|< orrrrpooileDce of the Herald.]
Wahiii.iotoi?, Jan. 6, 1812.
Prospect Improving?Mr. Clap?Condition
of Partus?Stories of the Courier's Correspondent.
Affairs are beginning to assume a brighter and
more cheerful aspect, both in Congress and out
Members may be deaf to the voice of principle, of
duty, of patriotism?hut they cannot close their ears
against the demonstrations of the wishes and expec
tations of the people. The torrent of public opinion
which is flowing in from rhe northern, eastern, and
middle States, ia favor of the general features of the
administrative liscal plan, is beginning to produce
its effect oil Congress, and the chances of its ultimate
establishment, with some modifications, aie
hourly increasing.
Tiie whigs have thrown of! the domination of Mr.
Clay. The spell of his power is broken. He stands
now, like a Malay, with a creese in hand, ready to
run a muck against friend or foe, but a rush ensures
his destruction, lie may strike down a few friends
who have perilled their political existence to
subserve his ambitious schemes, but he can do no
general or permanent mischief, except to himself.
Most of the men who, at the extra session, yielded
a willing, blind submission to his mandates?who
permitted hirn to regulate und control every thing,
and who obeyed his iujunctions without seek
ing the motive or looking to the consequences,
have rebelled against his authority, have shaken
oil' their allegiance, and are about prepared to do
their duty to their constituents and the country.
In the Senate his effective force will not
amount to more than eight or nine, lathe house,
the number has not been ascertained with precision,
but it is supposed that forty-five will be the maximum.
From preeent indication?, these men will resist
every measure of the administration without reference
to its merits?appropriations, and every
thing else. What portion of the democrats will cornbine
with the Clay nteu, tor factious, indiscriminate
opposition,remains to be'seen?enough, no doubt, to
impede the eusy action of Congress, but insufficient,
it is hoped, to defeat any important or salutary measures.
The bankrupt bill is in no danger whatever ?
Tiiere is an unquestionable majority against it in the
House, but the Senate will not consent to its repeal.
Besides, the President has a voice too in the matter,
and it is hardly to be supposed, that he would assent
to the repeal of a measure, before it has been tried,
which he had made the subject of a special message
to Congress.
In respect to the Land Bill, there is more uoubt.
The condition of the treasury is a strong argument
in favor ofits repeal, and it is possible that this will
be made a condition precedent to granting supplies.
Has the editor of the Courier and Enquirer been
inoculated for stupidity?after having the disease, 1
which, by the by, is an epidemie among the Wall j
street editors, in the natural way?or is he going I
orB7V that Iia nArmifa Wia Waohinrttnn nAP?odr\/in<L '
ent to impose upon him such known, palpable falsehoods
1 Why, they are making his paper more ridiculous,
than Webb's former exploits iu running
away from Duff Greenland getting flogged by proxy.
There never was such an absurd issue of blundering
misrepresentation, of idle conjecture, of speculation,
without probability, purpose or object. But it is one
or two of the misstatements only that are entitled to
notice. <
The story of a cabnl to procure the removal of the
Vfr. Wi :?ster, by getting up an issue of veracity be:>vern
the President and Mr. 'Ewing, respecting the
:ircumstances connected with the explosion of the
ate Cabinet, and calling upon the Secretary oi State
to speak the facts, is a fabrication throughout, so
far as the President's friends are concerned?a mere
shallow device of a would be mischief maker, who
is powerless for good or evil. No such purpose or
design has been communicated to the President, or
entertained by any of his friends. There is no wish
or expectation among the recognized friends of the
administration to sever the official connexion between
the President and Mr. Webster. The understanding
between them is cordial and thorough,
and their personal relations are of the most friendly
and confidential nature. So much for this misstatement.
The rigmarole about a declaration of the President
of the constitutionality of a baak, a letter of
rs IT i> r. i .u~ ?r
LTt-ij. > uii ncusarmcr, miiu iiic tunnrcuon ui ivir.
Silas Burrows with the matter, is more absurd still,
f that be possible. The facts, out of which the
Courier's correspondent has concocted such a cir um^tantial
story, are as follows:?Gen. Solomon
If an Rensselaer, of Albany, while in this city in
Ypnl last, had a conversation with President Tyler
m the subject of a National Rank. The General, a
liUpidated old man, never remarkable for quick
ipprehension or perspicuity of mind, misunderstood
>r forgot the tenor of the conversation, and in aleter
to a friend, elated his errsneous recollection of
f. Mr Burrows, who has been importuning the
'resident for office ever since his accession to
lower, obtained a copy of this letter, aud posted
o this city in the hope of using it to extort a com '
ance with his wishes. He exhibited the copy
j the President with great nfV-c.'ation of myeery
and secrecy. Burrows did not intimate his
lelief of the accuracy of the statement, and the
Presidtnt supposed the object to be merely to show
tow easily an old man might be mistaken, and how
posed the President was to misrepresentation,
ven by those who had no design to do him injusice
or falsify the facts. On no occasion has Mrryler
expressed the opinion ascribed to him by Genv'an
Renssalaer. The story is too absurd to gain
?ne moment's credence. On the question of the
constitutionality of a National P.ank, the President
ias been consistent, uniform and decided, ever since
lis first entrance into public life, lie has never had
\ doubt on the subject, nor has he ever hesitated to
avow his settled csnviction that no power is vested
in Congress by the Constitution ts create a corporation
of the nature of the old monster, which is now
dead and ready to be buried, at Philadelphia.
The agency of Mr Burrows in the publicity of a
perversion of the circumstances above related,
would be most disgraceful to any other man, and we
doubt whether the public will think it particularly
creditable even to him. It had beeu understood
that his chance for public employment was pretty
good. We shall see whether this little affair will
promote his wishes.
TWEKTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS,
Second Session.
Senate.
Thuripiv, Jan. 6.
The IUi?knrpt I,tw.
Mr. Heudersou presented a prtitinn fr?>m business
men of the city of Nc.v York, against the
postponement or repeal of the Bankrupt Taw.
Mr. Poster presented a remonstrance from New
York of a similar character.
Mr. Clat presented one from New York of a
like character and in like terms.
Mr. Kino ?Is it a printed memorial 1
Mr or ay.?A printed memorial.
Mr. Kino ?So I perceive.
Mr. (teamen presented a like petition from the
city of New Vorlt.
The cimstrlasn koat>.
Mr. White presented resolutions af the General
Assembly of the State of Indiana, asking a further
appropriation for the National road through
that State
The Peesideivtial Office,
Mr. PiiaLrs presented a resolution from the Legislature
of Vermont in favor of the oae term principle
in the Piesidential Office, and instructing the
Senator.-of that State to support a maasure to prtvent
the re-eligibility of the President. He also presented
resolutions from the itme body, with the
earn# instruct ona in relation to the mode of electidt
the President and Vice President,and in favor of
taking the election on the name day throughout the
United States.
The Tarii r
Mr. Phelps also presented resolutions from the
Legislature of the State of Verraeat, in favor of ?
protective tariff Varione petitions of no peh.ic
importance were presented end tcrertl hills in re- w
lation to private claims were taken up in their or P1
der- c<
Law of CorvaiOHT. w
Mr. Clay in puraiunce of notice given yeatcrday
aaked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend ?he Law of Copyright. It waa read twice
and referred. >*<
The Sixth Day'* Debate on tub New Fii- ?
calitt.
Mr. YVoodbukv resumed the debate on this sab- "{
ject, and he commenced by observing, that parlia- ni
meatary eourte-y required that the report and bill ^
should be referred; but he nevertheless, thought ?<l
that Wits a fit occassion, to discuss the leading prin- M
ciples of the plan, as the discussion might be highly c*
useful to the committee. He tben for two hours
advocated a return to the Sab Treasury system, ae 'jj
shadowed forth in 1837, aud opposed the President's
plan as inadequate for the purposes content cu
plated. He diernesed the conetitutional power ef i,c
Congress to create a paper currency and to deal th
in exchanges, aad avowed that he preferred Trea- foi
sury notes as evidence of deb', to Treasury notes tr?
for circulation. As a regulator of the currency, ?'
the Beard of Exchequer would be powerless for ,
good, but it might be productive of evil; but if ?
such a regulator were necessary, the States or n0
large commercial districts or cities, could accom- xf
plish it better for thi nasel ves, than it could be done mi
by the general government. Having givea this de N<
bate at such length hitherto, we deem it unaeces- sti.
sary to follow the honorable gentleman through all
his reasoning At the conclusion of hie speech, Jo'
Mr. Evans obtained possession of the floor, and J
the Senate then adjourned until Monday next.
? Tr
House of Representatives. ^
Thobsdvt, Jan. 6,1841. i
Mr. Dean rose to present a petition, but ce^
Mr. Andrews objected to its reception. f0[
Mr. Dcsa said ne was sure the gentleman from Kentucky,
nor no other gentleman, would object when they
were informed that it was from an old soldier, who wes a(
worn out in the service of hie country. bil
Mr Andrews objected to the presentation ol petitions
until they were regularly in order.
Mr. Dean said he would then move to suspend the co
rules, so that he might be enabled to present the petition, mi
and the vote was announced?ayes 100, noes 62, which gt|
was not two-thirds;so the rules were not suspended. rp(
The SrEAKEn then called ujion the standing Commit. r
taes for reports. j
The report of the Select Committee on the Contingent WJ
Fund of the Heuse, was made the order of the day for
Tuesday next. ?5'
Tise Tarivf. , ;
Mr. Saltonstali., from the Committeo on Manufeo- '
tures, reported a resolution to authorise the Committee * j
to send lor witnesses, and take testimony as to the operation
of the taritf laws on the manufacturing interests
of the country. "
Mr. W. C. Johxsox suggested to the honorable gentle- . "
man from Massachusetts the propriety of committing ' ?
this subject to a (elect committee. He would cheerfully f .
rote for such a preposition. ^
Mr. Saltoxjtall said the Home had referred this sub- ;
jtict of the Tariff to the Committee on Manufactures, ami yei
they were at competent to take this testimony as a select ass
Committee. The information asked for was absolutely oil
necessary for a proper understanding of the (object so as poi
to enable them to legislate correctly. They could uot its
touch the tarilf, without affecting great interests, and it wa
would have to be remodelled in consequence of the ex- dis
juration of the Compromise Act in June next, eren if the ths
condition of the Treasury did nst cstnpel tham to it. del
This necessity to remodel the tariff render J it proper to tha
hare correct information that they might act ander- jssi
standingly. The best mode of obtaining this inlormatiou we
was to summon before them intelligent and practicsl ado
men, well acquainted with the operation of the law* on tiei
he various branches of the manufacturing interest. ft
I heCommittee were not without precedent for the course tuc
. y had adopted. By a retcrence to the Journal, it foe
would bo perceived, that in 1917, a similar resolution wos mci
offered by the Committee on Manufactures which was cou
adopted, and in pursuance of the object, a vast amount of deb
information was collected, which wa* laid before Con- met
gross. The information was deemed indispensable in leci
the opiniou of a majority of the Committee,and he trusted of t
the resolution would be adopted by the House. mei
Mr. W. C. Johnson said he had foreseen from the mo- giv
ment that the gentleman from New York (Mr. Fillmore) sur
moved the refercuce to the committee on manufactures, met
the occurrence of the present state of alfairs. His pro- ditc
phecy had been fulfilled. It was then argued in favor of fun
he reference that the committee on manufacture* was the
icquainted with this subject, while the committee of woi
nays and means were igaeraut. And what wa* sceu nov
low ? ^Why the very committee which it was alleged up I
^as so conversant with the subject, was asking for au- real
hority to collect ioformatiou, which they said was in- the
liepensible before they could act. They must act in the oft
lark if the House did net permit them to s nine with bor- lenj
owed light. He was willingthat this authority should Tin
>e conferred on a select committee, but ha was unwil tod
iug to refer to a committee identified with a single in. and
ereat, this subject, which was iiitimately connected tat]
with all the other great interests of ths country, which larg
:oncerned the cotton, the rice, tha sugar, the tobacco espi
indgrain growing interest* of the Southern and Middle of tl
states, and the pork and beef interest of the West, prei
These, which comprised four fifths of our whole popula- the
ion, were to be lost sight of, for the manufacturing in- pu'
erest, which was nartowed down to less than one roil, oil
ion of persons. The gentleman from Massachusetts >
tad shown them that a similar course to the one now jf[i
iropoied was pursued in 1337, an/ w hat was the result 7 Um?
1'he tariff of Ibis, which those who built up ran away y
rotn at the first blast from South Carolina, and the com- no
iromise act followed. He was opposed to any course y
hat was calculated to preduce similar results. wai
Mr. Habersham, as oue of the Committee on Man ufac- y
ures, expressed his opj-osition to this resolution, aud sur
a us convinced that no good could come out of it. If pay
nformation was wanted to enable them to act, informs- eve
ion on the whole subject was necessary to enable tbam he'
o act correctly. This would require witnesses from T
Louisiana to inform them of the operations of the tariff vidi
.a w? on the su<ar interest: from Georgia, on the cotton sho
nterest; from South Carolina, on the rice interest; from the
die Northern States on various branches of manufaa- sue
lures, and from the West in relation to tbair great inter- of t
ists. All this coulJ only be done at great expense, and V
t would be ueur the close of the session before the w it- cou
lesses could begot here, without allowing them uny issu
Jme for their examination. elm
Mr. Wise said he was absent when the vote was taken age
in referring the subject of the Tariff, but when he M
leard that it was referred to the Committee on Manufaa- trib
ures. he w as content; it w as no victory over him. And said
vhy 7 Because be knew the matter would stand openly he '
ind fairly before the country. If it had been referred to one
he Comtnitb e ol Ways aud Means, the game of humbug M
mght have been carried on, and a heavy an-1 oppressive gen
ariff 11 w passed under the disguise of a hill for revr nue. cou
The gentleman trom New York, (Mr. Fillmore) on liis did
notion to reler the subject of the Tarilfto the Committee as t
in Manufactures, declared that the revenue bill was (Ian
lassed at the last session, and that the only step now thei
lecessary was towards protection; and the House, fol- y
owing out this suggestion, had, by a majority of nine, to t
eferred the question to the committee on Mantilac- pr?
uros-, and now there was a hold move made in favor intu
if piolectioa per ?e. He preferred this, as he pre Lav
erred to meet his enemy in the open field. It bad hut
itrengthened him on this question with his constituents in b
? ihe rfentl.-m.in fioin Massachusetts (Mr Haltnnstall-. ka.
is had been well remarked by hit frivuj from Maryland M
Mr. Johnson) bad referred to tire precedent of 1827, the ner
rear immediately preceding the parage of the bill of T
ibominutions These were the precedent* aaduhe prin- ros?
:iple? upon which they were to he thrown back. PrereJen'sund
principle* which hrd nearly involved the
rouutry in civil war and bloodshed. How long would
t take to acquire the information called for in this reto
ntion ' At laaatone or two month* ; and yet the urgen'iei
of the government were preiairg and immediate. T
Phere wa? scarcely an article upon which duty would a
36 la.d,but would involve conflicting interest*. If the
investigation u a? gone inta, it would ne >>ri ex parte one ; a '*
hey had the manufacturers almost at their doors, while ban
;hc agricultural and planting interests were scattered ,
>ver thousands of miles A high tariff of protection was '
jpposed to the great interests of the south, and also to Har
he interests ol a portion of the manufacturer* them ()0:,
lelves ; for it was well kaown that tha manufacturing '
nte; en ha l a war in its own members?the small capi- ?ls
:ali?t against the. larger capitalists,who are content with bei:
he present fixed and moderate rate of duty. But tha
five thousand dollar men were ten time* as numerous a* nor
!hc fifty thousand dollar men, and they coulj control the pah
rotes and givo the direction totliis matter. This horde
i?f small manufacturers sprout like furgii on the ho; bed v,n
of protection. H? would oppose with the most deter- is r
mined efforts this attempt to throw them hack upon the rOT
principlet and precedents of 1828.
Mr. Tii.i.iecHiiT thought the resolution waanotlia '
hie to the imputations attempted to hothrown upon it by on I
the gentlemen who had opposed its adoption. Insta.d ..
of i tinning atilt agaiast the other great interrsta o( the "e
country, its (fleet would he to enable the Committe* of pet
Manufactures to avoid coming in conflict with thoae
groat interests. He was proceeding to demonstrate this
jiosition, w hen six
Mr. Fillmors inquired of the Speaker if the morning for
hour htd not expired. (Srvkrsl toicrs. I hope so.)
Mr. Aim o hoped the gentleman would be permitted
to close his remarks. wb
Mr. Boyd called far the orders of tha day. ?e(
Various bills from the Senate on the Speaker's table, ~
were reed twice, sad roferre 1 to appropriate committees. 8n<
IvrssssL DxswRiems. on.
The Senate bill to authorise the allowance of drawback
on goods export?d in the original package* to Chi ar<
huahaa fChewcwa) or Santa Fe in Mexico, waa read a to
firat an I second time.
Mr. Klovd moved that it be referred to the Committee
on Commerce, with instructions to amend it so as to ex- no1
lend the same privilege to gooJs exjmrted to any part of
the British provinces.
Mr J C. Cuisr said this subject was already before tvi
the committee. ? j0
Mr Floyd said he was aware that there was a motion
to inquire into the expediency of such a measure, but
such a resolutioa had not the weight of an instruction, '
and wss seldom heard of after it h.d been lent to the j,
Committee. It was a matter af great importance to his 0r
State (New York) as well at the States of New H imp- .,
shire and Vermont, and as he was anxious that it should .
receive the prompt action of the House, he thought the
amendment he had offered the beat calaulated to reach
that object. all
Mr. J. C. Clabk said his colleague from the Oiuida CO
district seemed to suppose there was n disposition in the re
committee to give this subject th > go by, hut he could mi
assure him it was not the case, and mat thn committee w|
would, at aa early day,bring the subject before the House .
for its action. J
Mr. Caass hoped the bill would not be emberreesul .
by attaching new subjects to it, the only effect of which J*'
would be to endanger its passage.
The question was then taken on the instructions, and w
they were nogstived, and the bill was referred to the wl
Committee cn Commerce. to
A communication from the Post-Office Po| ailment jju
withthe eitimstri for the service of that department for
t) a ycar 1*42, was refei red to the Committee on the Po-t ^
office and Post roada. ,
A communication from the Stata Departmcr .git ing Kr
ollstoftho clerks employed in that offtre; aad auc'h-r, th
'}
?w???
ith a e?i>r of an abstract ol thd returns were alto ap
opriately referred.
Mr. Fillmobs then moved that the Hoik.- go into a
immitteeofthe whole on the itata of the Union, which
a* agreed to, and
Mr. Horsins ?u called to the chair.
The New Tarssrav Not si Bill.
Mr. Fillmobk moved that the bill to authorize the
ue of Treasury note* be taken up, which was agreed
, ami the bill wa* read.
Mr. Fillmobk said, he had but a few remarkito make
explanation of the motive* for reporting it. From it*
larscter, being a mere temporary expedient, it was not
cesiary :e go into an extended discussion of it, or of
e cauaec which produced the deficiency it waa intendi
to aupply- thia might be reserved until a subsequent
II was reported, authorial** a loaa to aupply the defiency:
or when another bill which had been reeomended
br the Secretary of the Treasury, to increase
e tariffof dutiea, was brought in. Krom'the report of
e Secretary 'of the Treasury, it would lie perceived
at the deficit in the Treasury, for thu expenses ?f the
rrent year was estimated at upwards of fourteen mll ns
of dollars, and means were auggeated by whioh
ia deficit might be supplied, being te extend the time
r the balance of the twelve million loan, an issue of
tasury notes, and an an increase of the tariff. When
a subject first came beforethe Committee of Ways and
i-sna, a majority were decidedly averse to the issue of M
isaury notes, and came to a resolution to report a bill fl
extend the time of the loan, and instead of treasury
tea, to add an additional five millions to that loaa.
tar that hill *k- *
?? ..|iv>.?u, IIII DTtrciirf V
ide another appeal to the Committee for Treasury
>tes, but having taken it into consideration, they were
11 unconvinced of the necessity for them. But he
>ught it would best subserve his purpose* to send the
Eument which had been placed on their tables this
irmng to the Chair, that it might be read for the in nation
of the House.
rhe correspondence between the Secretary cf the
easury and the Committee of Ways and Means was
n read. gg
VIr. Fillmore, in continuation, said it would be perived
that the anticipated deficiency in the Treasury
' the first quarter or the year, was $3.743,4M, and the
estion arose how that detieienoy was to be supplied.?
t by the revenue, or by the loau that was authorised
the last session ; for even if the time for its redeemaiity
was extended it weuld take three or four mouths
negotiate it in Europe before the proceeds were availla
to the Treasury. The Committee had therefore
me to the conclusion thst if the credit of the Go v train
t was to be preserved it could only be done by an ise
of Treasury notes. He had always been opposed to
'easury notes, ami would not now be in their favor
there was not the clearest evidence of their
Jispensable necessity. His opposition, however,
is not from constitutional seruples, but as to their exdienc.y.
Some of those with whom he acted, howev,
had constitutional doubta, which were principally
awn from the posthumous work of Mr. Madison on the
oceedings in the convention. He thought they should
far to the constitution itself for its meaning, and if that
is doubtful, usage should settle it; and though Mr.
expressed himself strongly in opposition to TresstWy
tcs,y etjwhen he was rresidcnt,he again and again sanened
the iasue of these very Treasury notss. As to the
pediency of the measare, if there was any other mode
which the plighted faith of tho nation could be pre-*
ved, he would most cheerfully go for it.
Vlr. Dsvti, of Kentucky, said he was one of those who
sterday voted to lay the bill on the table, and briefly
ligned his reasons for it. He did not deny the power
the Government to issue Treasury notes, lor the purle
of borrowing money, but they had no power to
ue them as a currency. The object of this emission
s that the obligations of the Government might be
charged by this paper, instead of gold and silver,
i only media recognized by universal law in which
its can be paid. He thought it infinitely preferable
it the time lor the loan should be exteuded than to
te this Continental paper money. They might as
11 call themaeives the Loco Foce party at once, as be
ipting measure after measure of the past Admunstrai.
lr. Wise said if he understood bis friend from Kenky;
(Mr. Davis,) they were fast becoming the loeoo
party. He said that gold and silver wete the only
iia recognised by universal law by which debts
ild be paid, and that the government should pay its
ts in no other. And what follows 7 Why, ifgovernot
must pay its debts in gold and silver, it must cslt
its revenues in gold and silver. But the argument |
ne gentleman irom Kentucky was tnat it ttie govern
nt has net the means of paying its debts, it must not
e to its creditors the eridenae oi the debt; and Treay
notes were nothing more than the acknowledge
at of a debt, and ii they become available to the ereir
as an evidence of debt, that was an incident of their
ction, and a perfectly legitimate one. lie considered
issue to be a high tariff or a funded debt, and he
aid say to his constituents that fioni the indications
v before him, he thought the present debt would run
to forty or fifty millions of dollars before it was ared.
He considered the difficulty in negotiating
loan of last session was occasioned by the want
aerve indicated in not authorising it for such a
;th of time as to make it a proper investment,
ire wss nothing gained by skulking and striving
eceive their constituents. No man who was honest
direct in his purposes need fear to avow them
ae people of this country. He was in favor of an en-j
fed publis service in many ol its departments, anffl
sciaily in the Navy, and he was far paying the debts
lie Government. As a commencement to remedy the
sent state, nf our financial atfaits. he would set apart <
. . A% f* * ' ' ' h'". '
. " . A
i. "' -
IU *4. 1' I
Ir fr?. -
at, and waiting the action of the House on this bill.
Ir. Wiss ?Ann I, sir, have been waiting on the Trcay
since the commencement of the session. Neither
nor mileage had he received; and sooner than lose
n the onc-lourth of one per cent on a treasury note,
ivould wait till the clase af the session,
he amendment of Mr. Wisr. was then reml m l nrn.
eil that the proceeds of the sales of the public land*
uld be applied to the discharge of all the liabilities of
government : and that no treasury notes shall be ?*(1
so long as there were funds arising from the salce
he public lands.
Ir. Aruoi.d commented on the singularity of the
rsaofthe gentleman from Virginia, in advocating the
le of Treasury Dotes, while at tho same time he dered
he would not receive them for his pay and mileIr.
Win; denied that he had made the remark stilted
to him by the member from Tenn< ssee. He
[ he would wait until the close of the session, before
would permit himself to be shaved of a quarter of
per cant od a Treasury note.
[r. Abkoi.d sat I it amounted to the same thing. The
tleman from Virginia had money and credit, and
Id aUbrd to lay back , but what sort of a situation
it put those in, who were in the same predicament
he government, with neither money nor credit,
ighter) and who depended upon their'per diem for
ir dinner. (Oriat laughter.)
!r. Fu lmoik said he had hoped, upon his first appeal
he gontleman from Virgiuia, he would not have
ised his amendment, as he felt convinced, if they got
i a discuiion on on the repeal of the Distribution
r, the bill would not be passed until the dog days
since the gentleman had felt it his duty to perstver^^^J
is amendment,he would object to it as out of orde^^^f
ing no relevancy to the l ill under consideration.
Ir. Willi s said, as it was about tho time to go to diu^^H
he would move that tho Committee rise. VH
his motion being put, and carried, tho Committs W
and reported progress, and the House adjourned.
PhllndtTpIila.
[Corn spoudri.re of Die Herald.J
Philadelphia, Jan 7, 18d2
he business iu stocks to-day, 1 was informed bJ
r ker, was not to any great amount, but ihowed
rtber falling oft' iu priees. The stocks of all tha
ks that were brought into the market, showed
teline in price, aud the stock of the Mechanics'
ik and Pennsylvania Bunk, reached a lower
tit than ever before. Pennsylvania State five*
> declined one dollar on a share, the highest bid
and this, too, in the face of the Gover- ^ I
's assurance that the February interest wiuld be
d. What all this bodes, is more than 1 can di- ,
e. It is very currently reported that the money
lot in the possession of the Pennsylvania Hank,
the purpose, where it has usually been.
'he truth is, the tone of thu Governor's message
the subject of a resumption, is not salisfaetoryMfl
should have been more enu^atic as to an earlj|^H
j ..... i.< ?r at ... v, ..j ili.n .... v...
ipoa the ridiculous and ruinous proposition of
per cent loan, thrown into tbe market Mid sol<^^|
whatever it will command, to pay the "rolie^^
uc" of t>l,700,0U0 Has the Governor an idea
iat amount of this stock he would burthen the
jplc withl Certainly not less than five million,
I probably tan million?and this to pay the banka
e and three quarter millions. No, no?the people
) taxed oneronsly enough now, without a resort
any such policy as this. The matter can be
ichcd in a less expcn>ivc manner, and I doubt
t that the people will so express thcm-elves.
w believe that the present debt of Pennsylvania
II ever he paid now, and if ten millions arc added
its amount, on such terms as the Governor proses,
I ain certain that it never will be.
rherc are some other parta of the document that <'
mora sensible and just. In the matter of the sal*
the public works, and applying the proceeds to
e payment of the State dent, his remarks are jucioua,
and should be promptly responded to by
e legislature. So is also that part of it which
ludes to the propriety of tullering our numerous
rporationi to decrease in number, llis remarks
spacting the Canal Commissioners, however well I
rited by the men, are in toue undignified, and I
holly out of place in a Governor'" me sage. Such
paragraph would have done w< 11 in the columns I
a partirin newspaper Ilia allusion to i.icinil
aof the Slate ate al.-o extremely objectionable. I
he system should have been anll'm-d to die, as I
?ra? tban useless. He might have recotnrnonddfc J
hat encouragement he pleased, in reference to H
ilunteers, and no one w< uld have complained, H
it the ridiuulous system of calling on! the militie H
a nuisance to ail respreiable citizens, and a bur* H
en too uuomua to bear, considaring to whom thu H
eat amount of fines fsll With th<- r. ,ru, ihat H
c sa Is of 'he n'ssarr se-m to have beta 10 let * HI to catch ths brerze, spriug from what quarter it
I SUV, I leave it for the present. j
I Yesterday morning, Austin Montgomery appeared
before Recorder Van*, and made oath against e
Nicholas Riddle, Samuel Jaudon, Thomas Dunlsp,
John Andrews and Joseph Cowperthwaite, churning
them with a conspiracy to cheat and d?fraul 1
the stockholders of the United States Bank of (1
Penns>ivanis Process was awarded snd seversll v ^
served upon Nicholas Kiddle, Samuel Jaudon, and
Thomas Duniap, who appeared before the Recorder,
at thr< r. o'clock in the afternoon, and entered
bail in the sain of #10,000 each, for the^ir appear- fnnce
on Thursday afternoon next, at 4 o'clock, in .
the Common Plesa Court room. I have not much
faith in this movement, and do not believe it will '
eventuate in any thing very rigid.
Yours, &.c. WnAT.
r
Philadelphia.
[Corretpuudence of the Herald. J
Philadelphia, Jan. 7, 1842.
The weather here to-daj has been remarkably
wet and unpleasant. Not much business stirring
and no news whatever. The Governor's message
is generally kindy received, except that part of it
i which alludes to a new six per cent loan.
The renewed action against Hiddle, Jaudon Ac
'Co , before the Ilecordcr, excites but little interest
from the fact that the belief is general that they
will not be held to bail. The Recorder, though
probably a conscientious officer, is an amiable gentleman,
and doubtless has his sympathies. These
men, having formerly been to some extent his associates
and companions, he will allow, it is feared,
his goodness of heart to operate to the prejudice of
jastice.
Our theatres, it is said, are about to close. They
do but little.
The business in stocks to-day were light, at a
farther falling off in prices.
Baltimore.
|Correspondence of the Herald.]
Baltimore, Jan. 7, 1841?9 A. M.
Mr. Editor?
Yesterday afternoon, his honor our Mayor, vetoed
the bill which a few days since passed the
Councils, allowing five per cent interest on the
railroad stock orders. Thus has been most justly '
Tylerised, a measure which would have involved j
our Corporation in serious expense and difficulty. !
Samuel Brady aud Captain Tyler are two of the <
! ? greatest men (Twist excepted) in the wide arena '
of politics. We are now in a worse conditio^ as ;
I regards eur currency, than has yet been expert- <
enced. The lamentations of the merchants (retailer*
especially) are beyond all conception, and their f
" sufferings it intolerable." There is no money t
but railroad orders, and all profits are taken to pay 1
discount. The brokers, however, have their har- J
rest, nor do they forget to make good use of it.?
"Make] hay while the sun shines," is one motto?
?ia short lile and a merry one," is another. VVe
lire iu an age of "water devils," the large ones con- <
stantly swallowing up the smaller animaloula. So 1
has wagged the world, and so WiH it wag, while
there is a tail to a lobster or quflh on a porcupine. (
The party spoken of in my letter of yesterday, |
same off last night in great splendor. There was ,
present a magnificent array of beauty, wealth, 1
"tinsel show, and all that." The youthful Queen <
was coronated with great pomp and magnificence, 1
I doubt even wbetber Victoria looked mnrebeauti- 1
fhl when ornamented with the glittering diadem of
proud England. The ringed dove, or young Swan,
are fit emblems of her innocence and loveliness.
Brother Kirk has been holding a revival meeting
in our city for a week past. Crowds flock to hear
him nightly. Piety stock has eonsequently ris, and
and may be quoted in demand at par, a 1 6 8 premium.
Our produce market is dull. Flour continues at
#5,87*; wagon price, $5,75; City Mills $6, though
holders ask #6,12*. Quotations of wheat are but
eominal?no transactions.
Exchange on New York, Boston, Philadelphia
and Virginia, is without alteration since yesterday.
The mail from Annapolis last night failed, we
are eonsequently without any late intelligence from
4 the seat or government.
i The weather this morning is disagreeable. It is
cold and rainy.
Thestrleal.
? Pare Tim atre.?" What wiil ihe World Say!" I
J was played lor me luuu.uiuc iani u>ku>, unu on racn
representation it has gained in the estimation of the
public. The weather, since its production, has been
very inclement; this, we presume is the reason why
the house ha3 not been crowded- Let there be one
good house, and others will folio .v.
Olvmpic Theatre.?Mitchell advertises a host of
entertainments at his theatre to-night. Has he abandoned
the idea of burlesquing the Gipsey 1
Chatham Tiievtre.?la consequence of some irregularity
on the part of Mr. J. R. Scott, in not atattending
rehearsal yesterday, the tragedy of Julius
Ccpsar, announced for representation in the bills,
was withdrawn, and the play of Damon and Pythias
substituted. We regretted this circumstance exceedingly,
particularly as Mr. Smith was cast for
Brutus (his first appearance on any stage), and in
all probability felt "big with Catsar and the fate of
Rome." It was a great undertaking for him, announced
and prepared for Brutus, to undertake, at a
moment's notice, tice part of Damon ; nevertheless,
his performance was very creditable, and on the
whole was one of the best dtbuts we ever eaw ?
We understand this gentleman will shortly appear
again. The manager offers a very attractive hill tonight,
in honor of the anniversary of the Battle of
New Orleans.
Mr. Braham's Covccrt.?At the instigation of
many friends, Mr. Braham gave a sacred perforformance
at the Rutgers Institute last night, and
^ considering the state of the weather, the house was
>? good. It was a masterly performance throughout,
but the gem we discs vered in his selection from
a " Samson." llis even tnneB, accompanied with his
astonishing volume of voice, sunk deep into the
ncaria vi iub nuuirnce. lvir. uranams concert at
Newark, on Thursday night last, dre withe whole
town. He gives a sacred perform mce in that city
in the course of next week. We hope he will give
a miscellaneous concert in some central point of this
city,previous to his departure for the south.
t-iraxd Musical Festival.?Mr. Braiiam.?The
New York Ha^r-d Music Society are preparing to
bring out on Tuesday evening next, in the Tabernacle,
in the most splendid style, the Oratorio of
David and Goliah, the principal character of whtch
will be taken by Mr. Braham. This oratorio is the
composition of Neukomm, and has been performed
at the Musical Festivals in England with rclal. At
Birmingham, Mr. Braham made his first appearance
in the character of David. The other characters will
be taken by strong, Kyle, Mur.son, Schwartz, Mas
I sett, Combs, and Miss Pearson. The orchestra will
be very Urge and powerful,
k- This is one of the most.spIendid of modern orato{
rios, and will create a great sensation in the moral
% world. Mr. Braham will exhibit some of ihe most
remarkable powers of sacred song?and prove himself
to be the only artist living that reigns fearless in
that department of music.
Shocking Mchijcr among the Chickens.?Mr.
Stetson, of the Asfor House, says that on one day
last week, thirteen tons of poultry were brought to
??? irom i.ostirn. JIow much chicken
broth would this load make
Revival.?The number of revivals in this country
is a little larger than year before last; but the number
of converts reported is a little less. The nunibf r
of revivals is less than one-half that of last year, ur.d
the number of convetts reported about one-founh
as great
Out of seventeen millions, not more than two and
ahaH millions even profess to have embraced the
gospel. In every si* or eight persons, all but one
rrrnaia to be converted. If this state of things cont'.inueg,
what will br come of us I
Abolition Con ven rion.?The abolitionists of \f atsachueetta
are about preparing to hold a Stale Of nvention
on Wednesday, the 16th of Februury n-.M,
for the purpose of nominating candidates |or Hovel
nor and Lieutenant Governor, and for the transact
ing of such other business ns may properly coins l ebefore
them.
Fishing BoL'ntif.i.?We leain from II rrstdle,
that fishing bounties last year, a- comp.T 1 it t
1840, have fuller. oTS'.O.OOO.
i iKK in Sr Lui'is.?N. Demise, C. W Cortes A
!ros , John Leach, Mr. Severson, and T 15. Kf
ar, in St Lnuit, sutlVred by tire on iht- 27 ti uli.
Soiirrv in Sr. Louis ?Kive Irishmen attackei
["bonus Martin, in St. Louis, on the 2<5'!i u!t, am
early beat him to death. Cause?the course of Mr
ilartin in a recent election.
IIbaltii of Massachusetts ?There were on
I 1 __ J -I- in \17 M?c
luuuicu auu iw cm y iuui ucamoiu ?? uiucoicijkun'v
dst year, which id less than one in sixty of the popn
ation of the town
ErracTa or Tkmi-ehaiue.?Whiskey in Cincin
rnti is selling at fourteen and a half cents a Ballon
Cold Weather?Last Monday the mercury i
'arenheit'a thermometer, at Utica, was twelve dt
;rees below zero.
Natal Intelligence.?List of officers attache
o the United States Xaral Station, Rendeavou
ind Receiving Ship, Baltimnre Station:?Henry E
Mallard, Commodore; John A. Davis, Lieutenant
jreorge S. Sproston, Surgeon; Francis A. Thorr
on, Pnrser.
Reiultzvous.?Horace B. Sawyer, Commander
k. G Slaughter, T- D. Shaw, Lieutenants; Hun
rimersort, Passed Midshipman.
Reciiving ship Pioneer.?Zacariah F. Johnsor
jieut. Comdg; Robt. F. Piuckney, Daal. B. Ridgi
y. Lieutenants; VV. \V. Basset!, John L. Nelsoi
Midshipmen.
Marine Rendezvous.?William Dulany, Captair
?Kepublican.
Natv Department, 4th January, 1842.?Tb
loard of Naval Surgeons recently convened s
Philadelphia for the examination of Assistant Sin
jeous for promotion, and of candidates for appoint
nent as Assistant Surgeons has adjourned sinedi<
Assistant Surgeon A. J. Wedderburn was passe
?r promotion.
The following is a list of the candidates reperte
nr appointment as Assistant Surgeons in the ord?
which they stand:?
1. Morris B Beck, of Virginia
2. J. Francis Tnckerman, of Massachusetts.
S Oscar F Baxter, of North Carolina.
4. Lewis J Williams, of Maryland, and,
5. Marius Duvall, of Maryland.
OtT- American Museum.?The glorious Eighth of Jar
nary, the anniversary of the Battle of New Orleam
will be celebrated in fine style here, this day and evi
ling. The Indian warriors and squaws give two pei
ormances ; alto, Jenkins, the vocalist, La Petite Celesti
,ee danseuse, and the Albino Lady, appear in their var
>us peformances. The first performance is at 3 o'cloc
P.M. The children belonging to the Prince street Ci
;holic Orphan Asylum have been invited to attend th
iftcrnoon performance. The Grand Cosmorama view
ire all changed.
(Kjf- Bowery Amphitheatre?As usual here, a rar
lisplay of novelties is to be produced to night, consis
ng of every description of equestrian and arena entei
aiuments, by the whole company, and several splendi
lets of horsemaship by that graceful and unrivalled r
ler, T. V. Turner, all concluding with the laughable a
;erpi?ce of Dame Trot.
BrasKlreiti Pills.
Q(J- Th* Probable weight ok Fecal and Sudori
Particles that ought to leave the Bodv Daily, t
Insure or Maintain Health, Catching Colds. Stc.The
sordid food daily consumed by an adult may be e,
timated to average two pounds. One half is converted in
to chyle, which supplies the waste the blood sustains i
building up the continued decay of the body ; so tha
lupposing we do not increase in weight, and that u
keep in health, we must dispose oftwo pounds of food pt
liem. One pound will be evacuated by the bowels an
kidneys, and the other will supply the watte by insens
ble perspiration. Hence we cannot fail to perceive ho'
important it is that this ordination of nature shoul
goon with regularity and precision. We know that,
the perspiration he checked, our sensations soon sour
the alarm. Why is this ? It is because the perspirutio
is thrown back into the Mood and flows with it; occ
sioaing, iu persons whose bodies are already predispose
to disease, that feeling of shivering, which is common!
called ' cATcnixu cold,', a term which appears, from i
constant use, to have an almost universal meaning."
Colds" and "catching celds," would be very rare, ai
when they did occur, would be slight and of no cunt
ipieDce, if our medical men had formed a nitre correi
idea of the nature amd cause of diseases, which wou]
have imparted to the community at large the knowledg
of protecting themselves from these seemingly sligt
maladies ; but which aie too often of very serious in
portance. The common mode of sty ling any malady
" COLD," seems to have contributed not a little to ill
absurd notions nhout remedying it. As it is called
Cold, we think we cannot keep ourselves too warm, nc
avoid, too much, all communication w ith the open ai
Do we not see, however, that colds arc caught iu summi
as well as in winter ??in tropical as well as northei
climates??that those who never leave a well-warmi
room are not more exempt from them than those who ai
much exposed to the opeti air ? The apprehensions
many are so great on this head, that they are afraid
the slightest air breathing upon them; and they, thvr
fore, cover their bodies with an unwieldy heap of elot
ing. Let us suppose two individuals going to a play i
a ball, or any excursion, commonly thought the scei
for catching cold, both alike in their ordinary health.
They shall both be exposed (to exactly the same vari
tions of the air, and do alike in every reJpect. One
them returns home in pertect health, because he went
?the other, soon after, feels himself unw ell, more 1
less, as the case may he. He feels his head atlVcted, ai
neither tastes nor smells as usual; perhaps, even tl
brain is affected, and he is drowsy ; on the lungs the
may be oppression ; and, very probably, all these sym
toms, and worse, make their appearances together, a
compauied with fever. Now it is evident that the e:
ursion, or variations of temperature to which they we
both alike exposed, were only the secondary cause of tl
cold caught by one of the individuals. Hail there bei
any thing really inimical to life, either in the variatioi
oftemperature. the exercise, or getting wet, they bo
would have suffered alike, if the conditions of their b
dies had been the same. The individual who fell sic
had his humoral system in a bad state : his humors wei
both teo abundant and acrimonious. He was, previous
going out, in a state of incipieut malady. which wou
soon have declared iUelf one w ay or the other. In th
case the acrimonious humors, aggravated by accident
over which we have not the control, had seated thrr
selves in soma of the vital |organs, amt produced tt
symptoms above described. In all thir, the cau?e, tl
actual cause of the individual's malady, was the corru
state ot the humors, In the ordinary language of lil
and except amongst the very few accustomed to lease
soundly on the causes of disease, one would have said I
caught a violent cold or fever at the ball; or the indiv
dual was not stiong ; y r else, something in the Turkii
style, that it was his destiny ; for no clearer reasonit
than this is ever made use of in such matters. A persi
of sound, wholesome humors, will seldom or never catc
cold, no matter in w hat situation he is placi d ; and if I
has at once recourse to a few doses of the
Bs ihiisstii'i Vsuktabls: UsuvraiAi. Pills.
he will find himself instantly relieved, and speedily ri
lip in a more confirmed state of health than before; f
Nature, in all her operations, is always tending to h
own purification ; but man obstinately obstructs thci
This is but a slight sketch of w hat is attributed
CATCHING COLD now a days.
Every da,'s experience proves that a neglected co
too often terminates in sucli a derangement 01 the bodi,
functions,that death takes place, in spite of all meai
used to prevenHt. This is [lerfectly natural. If we i
hut examine the subject in its true light, we will tit
that our bodies are continually decomposing and reo
gani/ing. That is. we are each moment ol our live
from the cradle to the grave, renewing through the st
mach,the waste our bodies daily sustain. Now a |?
tiou of this waste or worn out parts must be passu
away by the pores of the skin at all timrs.|and| by tl
bowels at regular interval). A stoppage of the persi
ration, as 1 have before stated, ia what it understood I
the phrase "catching cold." When the bow.. Is are co
tive at the time this occurs, the most featful cons
rpiences may be anticipated. Chills and fever, paina ;
the limbs, cough, rheumatism, and, in fact,'every fori
of the ONE DISEASE, may exhibit itself. Those pari
which should have bien thrown out by the skin ai
bowels, being retained in the body, are taken up by tl
blood, which is thus loaded with impurities, and all tl
functions of the body are nut out of ordwr. The on
way to remedy these difficulties, is to Ufe BRAi
DRETH'8 PILLS, not tonics, balsams, or swretmeal
which onlv allay the evil symptoms, and often clog ai
irritate theShroat and stomach, but nevar eradicate th
disease. It requires the tempest and the tornado to pui
fy the air when the noxious vapours have poisoned i
healthy currents; and it must be by repeated evacu
tiona of the bowels that the system receives a aimil
benefit. There can be no doubt but " the time will cor
when MM Will think ot using other remedies, w hi
sickness assails the human fiame, but those wkii
rle .tiseand nnrifv." To restore our hi abb
ill suffering from a coll or cough, or from other rami
?i> have only to nuke repeated use of the Brandri
Pill?, wliich long experience ha* fully proved to be n
turally adapted to the human body.
BRANDRETH'9 I'lLLS.
Security to the I'alronn of liranrtrclh'a 1'illt.
NEW LABELS.
K7- Tl e New Label* on a Single Box of the genuir
Brandreth'* Pilli, contain
ca- AO03 LETTERS ! ! ! -CO
CH7- In consequence of the great variety of counte
feit label* of prctecded Braudreth'* Pill*, and which,.
many instances, ao nearly reiembled in outward a
pearance the genuine of the old *ty le, as often to decer
the unwary, Doctor Brandreth, acting under a sense
duty to the public, has employed those celebrated artisi
Messrs. Perkins and Durand, who have
producing, at grent cost, dhrce new labels, from atei
of extreme difficulty of execution, and of so complicati
a nature, as to amount to an impossibility of imitatio
being considered by judges a masterpiece in the art
engraving.
'fhe border of the top, and also of the under label,
composed of the most elaborate and chaste patterns
laae work. To crown the climax of these beautiful 1
bels, the piper upon w hlch thoy are printed is previous
printed with red ink, after a design to exquisite and n
utile, as to defy competition; the top and the under 1
bel each contain the words "BENJAMIN BllA
DRETH'R PILLS," written in red ink nearly two hit
drt d times?the top and under label containing thei
fore, upwards of five thousand letters.
There is also ii|>on the top, tha under, and the side 1
bel, two signatures of Dr. Brandreth; one heinghis i
sular signature, thus?B. Brandreth; and the other, 1
full signature, thus-Benjsmm Brandreth; both beii
fac similes of the writing of Dr. Brandreth, to unit*
which Is forgery!
The Brandreth Pills having these labels tipos. the
can b" relied upon a? the true and genuine.
Dr. Brsn lreth'" principal office, J41 Broadway, N 1
other offices in n-w York; TJ7H'id?on str -t. ;r, b
ei y, and 17ft Second atreet.
Qt^ Tur 8osn iy Msacuar ol io morrow, Jan ' will
be a rich number. If would laugh and grow tat purchase ,
a cony. It will contain a most amusing and exquisitely
finished eagrsving, illustrative of Foreign //air* an 1
Nati?e Orac"?, with a prose Treatise on Foreign Ait >ii , S
i by Mw*R. F.videncua of the popularity of the Mercury.
t its influence, Sic. A Love Letter. Thebalt A t'o. of Lake
' Chamnlair, .1 poem. The Philosophy of Ten Pius ? .
Sketch of Elder Kuepp, a capital article. The Quacks of 1
Helicon.
By our Special Kapress Extraordinary Go ! Message J
from the Msu in the Moon, by Ladle. Court circular ?
r Fancy Fairs. Seduction Cases Patent Stays. The '
Amenities of Politics. I
Dow. Jr. will discourse from the following passage in
1. one ef .Mores poems <
They may rail at this life;from the hour I began it
I've found it a life fullot kindness and hliss;
And unlilthey can show me some happier planet >
More social a.id bright, I'll content me with this.
1 The new Comedy of" What will the World Say," Pla- |
cide'a Tarradiddle, kc Ac. The Oulick Guard Ball. A
n new Fiscal Agent, a humorous article,t>y Lunar Cans- I
tic. Mexican Brutality. The Holy Inquisition. The
Latest Local News. Chit Chat, Sic. 8tc. Piice 3 cent*.
One dollar for utght month*. Sent in wrapper* to any |
part of the world Oitiee 13 Beekmaa street.
d ? I
? 0(7*. Hcligiou* Notick.?A Preibyterian place of 1
1. w orship i? open every Sabbath, under the luperinten- j
j dance ol the Hev. John Johnson, late of the city of Glaa
Row, Scotland, in the large hall in St. Luke's Buildings, i
corner of Hudson and Grove streets, entrance by Grove
street. Worship comm. nces at half past 10 A. M , 3 P.
^ M., and 7 evening.
CrT* Chatham Thkatxc.?A grand national drama en'
titled the Eighth of January, is produced to-night, on
the occasion of the celebration of the battle fought and
i, wan on that remarkable day. The grand eastei n spectacle
of El Hyder, isalso produced for the first time, w ith
new scenery and ap|>ointmenti, and the still popular
drama of Mazeppa concludes the entertainments. We '
perceive by the bills that G. H. Hill, the celebrated de i
e lineator of Yankee chnractera, is engaged, and will
it shortly appear at this house. His return to the Chat -
ham boaids will be gladly hailed by his humerous admi
rers.
j Awfully Grand. '
How awful, yet how grand, to see nature conquer- l
, ed by art. As an instance, a young friend of ours, in
" Bleecker street, was almost bald; the top of his head was
,r quite hairless. This was caused by fever. The sides of '
his head consisted of rough, rusty, drv, reddish colored <
hair, filled with dandruff'. This is about two months (
since. We saw hire yesterday with a fine dark silky
head of hair, faultless. There is nonoetry in this; it was 1
caused by ussng Jones' Oil of Coral Circaasia. Surely j
none will go bald nor have daudrutf in their head, or al- (
low their hair to full out. Tbi8 may be had at 82 Chatk.
ham street?mark, the number is 82. If T. Jonts is not 1
signed on the label, it is a forgery. I
s- i
r. &7- Grkat Sal*.? Mr. Redding sold (322.37, at retail,
>, of Snerman's Cough Lozenges, yesterday. This, sure- 1
i- ly exhibits a proof of the pudding in the eating. While
k quacks, who are getting up every day candies and lozeni
ges, which aie wholly useless ui disease, and neglected
re sailed to-day. She will carry newi, as no steamer will
*e depart before 1st February. Iu exchanges but little was
done for her. The rate on London iss(a9]or $4 Ma
lh F4,S3 per ?., on France fi,:ia$*f5,30.
o- The packet ship Iluntsville arrived here yesterday,
from New Orleans, with f39,000 in specie.
to The bands of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltild
more Railroad 6 per cent, due in June next, may he
i> bought at 6.? cents on the dollar. The csptial of this
company is $1,.">00,000, and its debt J3 000,000. Hitherto
it; it has always paid a dividend of six per cent on its debt,
>e andcapital. Of the pay ment of the $700,000 of debt that
'(',1 falls due in June next, doubts are entertained, and if the
,n company is obliged to renew them at the great difference
ie in price which exists,it will be unable to declare a diV
vidend.
,g The anticipation of the developments to grow out of
>n the suits commenced for the payment ol the Planters
:'1 Bank bonds, endorsed by Alsop, continues to attract attention
Those suits, in connection with the publication
of the suspended, will lay bare the secrets of the
,e prison house, and show the worl 1 how great corrop
er tions may grow out of a Oovernment Bank,
n. Domestic exchanges are fast getting worse, as is invato
riably the case asthe season advances during a suspension
1,1 of specie payments. By the present system of buying cotly
ton on credit it is not actually pai l, for under sixty or
11 ninety days from the time of shipment, and the process of
sending it forward only multiplies southern paper in this
,r. markrt at a moment when there is the least demand for its,
This year the process of depreciation is unusually rapid'
?" because some ol the banks are trying to resume, and
others trying to prevent it. The firstcauso a demand for
ie apecie, which makes it more valuable, and the latter push
>' out their issues, the result is an increasing difference
'g. between their paper and the constitutional standard,
e The following is a table of rates of bills in New York
'n at different periods
m Rates or Domestic Biixi at Pfr.w Yoax.
;i- 1639 l8,#Jf , 1SD 164 2.
id F'h. Aor. Ftb. fHi. Jan. Nov. Jan.
le Boston, l |?r ;a j JJ- t I * I f*I
,p Philadelphia, { 14 6 i?| 2l*3 i? J 3:?3j 5|a 6
V Baltimore, ? 14 5J-6 ljat liall 4 *4J
!f Richmond, 1 13 B a71 ?i?3 ajaa] 4|.5 6ja*|
v' N. Carolina, a 3 7 ?8 3 ?3| 91*3 ? a4 S|a5(
Savannah, 2 1# 6 *7 4 aS 4 *4| 21?3 2|a 3
id Augusta, 3 IS 7 ad 4 a5 5i( ?a3 4 <41
? Char lee ton, 1 8 ?1'4 1 al| Ijalf 1|h|J Half
ri. AiaUacliieole, - ? ?a30 ?a45 ?a? ?a? ?a?
Mobile, a 15 C a7 5 a5J 5 a? 7ja7i 17al7i
N.Orleans, par 10 9 ?4 9|a3 2 sWf 2,;.J 9,a?.'
a Louisville, 2 ? lOiia 6 a?l 5 as 7 a7| llalli
ar Naahrille, 4 ? -a- 8 ?8| ? *'i lOali llall
OR Natch'l, - ? ?'25 ?'20 ?a? ?a? ?a?
n St.Louie, - ? ? '?! ??? ? "? >?a?
,i, Cincinnati, 3 IS lOill 6 a6| 5|a5( 9 a9j 14a?
Indiana, - ? -all -a- ???- 8|"? 15alS
lilinoie, - ? ?a? ?a? ?a? tjalO 16al7
'*< Detioit, - ? ?a? -a9 ?a? ?a? ?a?
a- In February, 1839, the resumption wa? general; consequently
exchangee were at their regular specie ratei.
In November the suspension had just taken place, ami
the rates evince the great depreciation of the local cur.
ia rencias, in consequence ol that event. In February
1840, the panic had somewhat subsided. In the course ol
^ the year, the Charleston banks resumed, and the rates
jn on that point fell back to the specie standard, a radu
p ally decreased on ell points, until January, 1841, when
the resumption again took place. The rate on Philadelphia
fell from 14 to J per cent. The resumption had not,
in however, become general before Philadelphia again gavo
way, snd the rates fell back to their former mark. In.
October and November the rates had, by the operation
ol' of the return of people south, and the consequent demand
for southern funds, reachri their lowest points'
Since then the demand has ceased, and southern paper
paid out for cotton has again Sound its way north, added
ly to the increased discredit of the banks that issue it,which
!' must inevitably go into liquidation, either under the in
fluencc of the bankrupt lew, which goes into operation
n next month,or be the resumption of the strong banks
' Hence the rapid decline.
The Message ol the Governor of Pennsylvania, pub
-e lished in this Jay's paper, has been looked for with a
lie good deal of interest in regard ta the financial affairs ol
that State. The funded debt ot the State excluder Of
the Cnitcd States surplus fund, is >36,331.009, hi aring an
m annual interest of >1 890 000. The State work' nre va
lued at their eo't, win h is >38,331,005 This i?, howeA
vtr,merely nominal, because so far f:0'i 1>- oilh
any thing,'.hey are a bill of expeaao.
Tilt- fallowing i? a Utile of th? coit, rorenuii, ao>l fx
tenJiture of the finiahed liun of public improremrnt in
Vnnaylvania
IrxTI MKtfT OK THt CoiT. KKVKWI'C axv Kxkkmiitcrki ok
riu. Kiniihcd Livia ok tiii I'xh.?itlvami* iiu
Riiuoidi.
1839-40.
"unnlt ami ILiilrmij* Colt. lire. Ex
limlerii divtaion of Hie Peau'a
Canal, 43 milea $1,734 959 141 671 65 6*1
I muata division of the Peon's
Canal, 130 in ilea 3,437 334 91,233 116.029
iVe?teen Hiv'iimiuf the Prnn'a
Con.I, ICS li.ileo 2,964,932 109,561 110,059
Maware dinsinu of IVnn'a
Canal, SO miles 1.374,774 101 626 99,413
u?i|nehaiiuah (lit 'u. of I'eun'a
Caual. 39 miles 8(7.874 26.196 33,706
4?orth Branch divivi >u of the
Peuu'a alial, 73 riolea .... 1,491.694 10 334 106.248
!V*tl branch division of the
Peuu. Canal 74 inilef, 1.708,579 24,511 85 457
"reiictt Creek dvisiou of the
Peun'a Canal, 45 milee 1,794,754 545 10 903
Seaver division of the Peim'a
Canal 26 tmlei 1,622,258 2,625 49.844
Columbia St Philada. Railway,
92 milei 3,993,302
Railroad tol s 185,669 819 696
Vloti?e power 220,993 222 269
Locotnotirei, rnpea, ike- (9,395
tllrghrny Portage Railway,
36 mile* 1,793 176
Railroad tall* 67.155 104.(91
Motive power 85 996 92 275
Locotnolitrt*,rope*, fee 56.544
$20,653,791 1,072,020 1,433216
Thil i* a detail for 1240. The revenue consists oi canal
and railroad tolls, and motive power. The expenditure*
if repairs,salaries,motive power, 4tc.8tc. The Governor,
in his message, states the revenue from the same
lourcef, for the year 1841, to have been $702,360 only,
ihowtug a falling otr of $310,260, while the expenditures
have been iucreased, but the amount not given. The re
suit of these items for eleven years, will he as follows:
Aggregate revenue for eleven years, $6,943,984
Expenditures, " " 8,194.572
Deficit, $1,360,689
Such property can scarcely be called available to meet
ihe State debts.
The great decline in the Philadelphia canal tolls has
lieen a great cause of the increase in those of the Erie
e hy.tne pulilie Ke?Jillug is making a lortuae oy anermans
a cough lo/.enges?an article which has Iieen weighed in
the balance of public opinien and found good. Dr. Sher
man'* principal warehouse ia at 106 Na-suu street, New
e York.?Huston Mail.
I.
r- (&- Dn Taylor'* Balsam or Livrrwort ?The pre- I
d sent proprietor, at 375 Bowery, think* that sufficient had
i been said to salisly the public, that no petson had any
f. right or claim to the genuine recipe, which was left
by her deceased husband, for the benefit of herself and
infant children. But W. W. Thayer, the brother of the
deceased, advertises, in one of last Saturday's papers,
c which render* it necessary that the widow should again
o reply. Shortly after the decease of the proprietor, an
? advertisement appeared?" The brother of F.A.O." and
s again " The brother of F. Jl. Paud again W. W. Taylor,
i. and finally, Wm W. Thayer?all emanating from 341
n Spring street, and lastly, saying he was associated with
t, his brother at 375 Bowery. It is positively denied that
e the brother of the proprietor ever had any connection
:r with said establishment. About four years ago, he
d opened a store, 341 Spring stieet, and advertised "Dr.
ij Rogers' Balsaim of LivetworT." About two years ago, he
w> took part, and supported an establishment, 3J Chambers
id street, and they claimed to be the proprietors of Dr. Tayif
lor's Balsam of Liverwort. This place was soon closed,
d It is a fact, and they cannot contradict it, that at the
n time the Balsam of Liverwort first came before the puba
lie, Wm. W. Thayer was about fourteen years of age.
id The following, it is believed, will convince any ]>ery
son :? 1
Is City and Coi'Njr of \ Daniel Mitchkli. being duly
? Nkw York, ? : j sworn, deposeth and saith,
id that he has printiin the labels, wrappers, ami show bills
e- for Dr. Taylor's Balsam ef Liverwort, for Frederick A.
;t Thayer, from the time the sume first came before the putrid
lie, in the year 1833, until the death of the sai l Frede;e
rick, on the 4th December last. That he never knew
it any one associated with said Frederick in said busiaess
v at 375 Bowery, and he was the only persen who paid the
a deponent,and to whom he always looked for such payis
ments. (Signed)
a DANIEL MITCHELL,
ir 365 Bowery,
r. Sworn before me, this first day of January, 1843.)
it S. B. Hutching*, Com. of Deeds. ' )
n Bkwakk of thu Col ntf.rrrit.?The city and country
id i* flooded with counterfeits?you cannot bo toe caretul
re where you buy, as they have imitated the wrappers, Inof
bels, and number ; therefore put no dependence on the
of outward appearance, but buy only?mind this only, at
e- 375 Bowery, between Fourth and Fifth streets,
h- _
le MOVKY MARKET,
"" Friday, Jan. 7?0 P. M.
o1 The sales at the Stock Board to day were to a fair
so extent,and prices fluctuated to some extent. Delaware
and Hudson fell 1J per cent; Illinois 6's, New Yotk
State AJ 1 percent; Farmer's Trust 1}; Patterson }; In
re diana bonds rose } per cent; Long Island J per cent; HarP.
lem \ per cent.
if the two State*. It, in a remarkable degree, itinerates
the ruin that attends the irredeemable policy. By
it a volume *1 business, represented by $310,-260 of tolls,
ir oue third of all the business of the Pennsylvania ranals,
has in one year boi-nturned into New York. In February
last year, when the Philadelphia banks suspendrd,
an idea was generally entertained that, in consequence
of maintaining a specie currency, while that of
Pennsylvania was irredeemable, the trade would all go
to Philadelphia. We took, at that time, some little paius
to demonstrate that the contrary would be the case. On
that occasion, Feb. 15, we remarked as follows :?
There i9 among a certain class of dealers a prevailing
idea that the trade of Pniladelphia is increased by the
suspension of her banks, and the depreciation of her currency,
and that in the same proportion the trade of Now
York decreases with a specie currency. This impression
has no foundation in fact?on the contrary, the direct
reverse is the case. There maybe isolated cases,
where western dealers have stopped in Philadelphia because
they can pass their depreciated money at par for
goods at higher prices than they would have paid in
New York, by losing thediscount on their meney. That
this 1ms been the fact generally, or even to any important
extent, is not the case, and will be still less so for
the future.
The results can be traced in the canal receipts of the
two States. The following is a table showing the
amount of tolls collected on all the lines ol improvement
in Pennsylvania and in New York for four years :
Tolls on tht Pennsylvania and Nkw York Canals.
N. York. Iiicreait. Penn'a. Dtcr'tr,
1838 1,481 602 966.329
1839 1.616,382 1 142 633
1840 1.775,745 159,443 1.086 853 56.780
1841 2,034,878 259,121 762,360 310.260
In the year 1639 the hank9 of both States paid specie,
and the receipts on tho Canals of both showed an increase.
In 1310 those ia New York increased, whilo
those of Philadelphia decreased ; during the past year
the same features are apparent in a much greater de.
gree. This has been the results of the working of a specie
pa) ing currency, ia o|ijjviiuuu iu uij i* reuuemuuie on*:.
Tt>e people are beginning to perceive the bad affects
of suspension, and a remedy will ipeedily be applied
The governor hai the following upon tho subject
Connected with the repeal of this law,should be the
enforcement of specie pay monts by the bunks. An eaily
duy should be fixed for this event, at least as early as the
first of June. The time, however, is not so material,
whether it be a few months sooner or later, so that a certain
definite and reasonable time be fixed. Your action
on this point, cannot be too prompt for the public interest
The community has been long enough held in suspen#e*-lel
the final i-3iie be at once presented, and it is
to be hoped the people and the banks will be prepared
for it when it arrives.
Sales at ill* Stock Exchange.
$20.0 N Y 41 percent 76 r>0 ?3i Del Hudson 951
$S0u N Y 5percent 1858 7SJ 50 do snw 65
$2650 Water Loan 78 50 da s6tn 91
$760 Corporation 6 per ct 97 50 Ka-mers' Loan 28
$4oe8 IHiuois Bom's 161 50 do 27)
59000 do l?i 50 Ohio Life Ik T bnw 59
$1800 do b00 17 25 do 59
$5000 do 17 25 do s60 56
$5ooo Indiana St* Bonds 161 to Bit,k of Illinois 14
$4000 Indian"* Bends 18| 20 do 13
flooo do S30 16 5o American Insurance 4>
$4000 do 19 40 Boston tk Provideucs Rsj
12 shares Union Bk 102 27 do 99
35 Mechanics' B?ok ssl 25 Canton Co b30 28
25 Bk of Com. strip sto t>?t 030 Harlem M. R. 9
25 do 69 350 do sltw 9
25 do S60 68 60 do ?>
10 Amer K* Bk 60 50 do b90 9j
75 ah. Del IkHud. b3 961 50 do 9|
75 do b.10 961 750 Long Island 330 51 j
25 do b30 961 25 do 51,
75 da 9?t 100 N J Kailroad s30 71
25 do b3 96j 75 do 71
85 do 96 60 ictuuington R 14
125 do S. 0 95
Second Boardr
25 Harlem 9J 50 Canton s30 19
50 do 9. $2000 Indians Isi
800 do ?20 91 $1000 do 19'
100 do 9j 75 Delaware s20 95]
50 sharei L Island 52 20 do 98
10 Mohiwk 60$
Provision Market.
We visited all the markets in the city this week with
a view of ascertaining the various prices of meat in
each ; although each butcher has a different price, there
is little difference in the comparative whole. Th*
Washington and Kulton are the principal ones, the for,
mer isthe best suppHe-l as regards quantity; so much so,
as to require more room than is now devoted, for produce
in nnrticiilar.
The country mirket is crowded with vcnaiun, hogs,
sheep, beef,poultry ofall kinds, butter,eggs, lard,honey
an 1 vegetables.
rr.t< r.i or raoTtsioiss.
Beef, per lb ? a 14. Venison, lb 12 a 1S|
Beef, 100 lbs $? a " Partridges 25 a 37{
Mutton, " r> a 8 woodcock,pair 371*50
Lamb, per lb 8 a 8 Cabbages. 3 a 8,
Pork nor lb.. 6 a 8 Beets, bunch, ? a S
Blackball. " 6 a 8 Honey, lb - a 18
Flounders," ? a 6 Pork, 100 lbs., $41* *6
Halibut, " ? a 8 Veal < 8 a 12
Striped Bass, lb. 8 a? Fresh Cod ? fit
Cape ('ml Lobsters, lb. 8 a ? Cellery, bunch 8 a 12}
Crabs, dozen, 25 a ? Hickory Nuts, ? a 5
F.sis, 8 a 121 Watercresses, qt ? a 6
jiock, 80 a $1 Potatoes, bushel 371 a 50
Fowls So a $1 Sweet Potatoes, 1 pTc-? a 18}
Chit kens 25 a 50 Turnips,bushel 25 a 50
'Purines. $1 a 2 Apples, bushel 5-1 a $1.45
Butter,lb, 13 a 28 ( lams, 100 25 a 371
Pigs,'or Roasters,-$1 Oysters, I#8 83 a 75
Sausages ? a 10 Cranberries, bush.- St a $3
Tripe, lb ? a ? F.ggs, fire fo? la}
Squashes, 5 a 6
I mcrs ok Mkat at THK Shops.
Best round beel, per lb lOd. Pork steaks 6d,
Murloin -teaks 10 Corn id pork 8
Coirnson pieC" s beef- "4 iH Krishlard 8
Corned beef Poultry 9alS
Fresh pork, best 8
Prices have not changed materially this week ; poultry
is not so plenty as formerly, tho hucksters havi
mu le a good runof It for tho last lew weeks. The shopl
are not yet shut. Oame?patridges in particular?is quits
plenty. '
Foreign Markets,
Kisoitos, Jam., Markkt, Dec. 8.?The Market generally,
is overstocked with American Produce, and pricet
are ranging very low, viz. Superfine Flour we quot<
at $8,00 jier hrl ; Corn Meal at $4 00 per brl; Crackers
and Pilot Bread at $4.76 ; Lard 11 cts., all dull ; Pitch
Pine Lumber, uo sales, prices low, Shingles do.
Cnrn Trade.
There is no change in this market. At Baltimore, on
the 5th in<t. there was no demand?quotation $6,87. Ir
Philadelphia, on the same day, Hour was dull at $6.12
At Richmond, on the 4th, the price was $6,00 to $7,25
Tl,..,. b.,1 )>>.(,,, n n lnr.ru ri.l..o in Vlnkiln mint at i?iia i.n
the i7th ult. were %',M) to $7,35. The market at Norfoll
on the lit, was rery dull?small sales at ffl,50 a 97.00.
Harried.
On Wednesday escning, 5th inst. by the Rev. J. 8
Spencer, Mr. William H. S*lt, of Flushing, L. I.toMiu
Eunice K. daughter of Kara Lewis, Esq. of Brooklyn.
Died.
Last night,at I'd o'clock, ef a consumption. Mr. Dafsibi
Littlkfili.d, in the ;l#th year of his age.
The frienda and acquaintances, and the members o
Covenant Lodge, No 35,1. O. of O. F., and the order ii
general, are respectfully invitad to attend the fuaera
on Sunday the 9th. at 'J o'clock P.Mat his late real
dence, 174 Franklia street.
On the 8th inst. of consumption, Mr. Johis R. Johissok
in the Md year of bis age.
PaHMgars A rrlarad.
Satawvcu?Brig Aujiiat*? E 7. C Judson.U S N, ^nd lady
JSOIntt. J K Darker*. L K Baker, W M Oladwin, W I
Oriswold, 8 Chatker?5 in the ateersgr.
Passengers Hnlled.
New Oats.atss?Ship Miaaiasippi?V B ll?we?, NOr!c*ns
Miss S Bsitly. R Elwell, William Elwell, K Johnson, of Nev
Votk. .
IMmrtl Ii I us port tit Ion*.
Naw OaLr ahi?Ship Huntardle?lt?j | i;s lead ss tea in.
lasses S'.t keys 53 bbla lar.I SO do tyri p I II Rogers .*< <
bhls mola'sx US cli tallow l)e P?| ?'.' k Wl i'niar?l ? 50 Ii i|
m. 'a??e? Wm II orison- .1? hid'? 11 h ,1 ? . I 1. ? A l*?
<|i nt ll c;>?1ST r ides I Jaonercit Us s. n- to?> logs rd k' 1'.
die*? Frta't k f tsnpVll ||3 I hi ir< I e e. ?F (> ldv r I St r
.0 p, ? w in?L ii, fo'ter co f J les re -s?T llsnstsil ]
Iihil 'mar 10 k-1;? lard?J SReaaslfb-U brandy ? ?- ae?'
Thnrbiirii 4 bb'a timothy aaed?Dur\ea fc (Jraaon 3 ; Ma ra?im
oil? loaiah Wary k fou J Mid* J tea 1 bbl??ly 4 J. unity > b?.
ifiilirri-ltfiiiininy, H^nry k cu I rh 1 bbl?A I r'**faa ID I
"2 c\a?Li 1 itiil M 1Vn k i ii | cmi ? Joint tdaia 6 ? ki?b all
kFampb II lu bbl' caaior oil?Srlii lf-lin k Brother* 2 Si' 1 blast
Dr*|?r jr -ill Palea rultuii ?B H Field 9 l-bla C?tor '"I?Jamea
VeCullo> ?li (27 intra lead?Roberta k Will tuna din I ' la ? th?
11 L Maillritiil k ru 63 lei II ii red?Pack it 3a)ir I In- ' '
I.r Horntnrdii it 1 h*?t'bompaou k Adaina 100 hhrl era*?Jim
Whitehead I pkx?Phillip k Kyling' 0 r??J II !*vit ' 16 hp lard?J
Jannrrrtlr Itco 106 lia'ra c.ittoti?I. Hil' I 2' bin !' n
?Win C Alwaler 4 30 bhla pork?Aymar k ru 1*94 l.i<l-??A" i
aar k CO SO rmptv cka?94 aticka roma jv.(,,i| nr < ? ' '' II
Ml k i n >2 447?t' MacAllialrr *5 3oo?< oilim. km ?.!?,b?1 J
Littlekc i $6000?lioodhne k i: F3.II1
Sivi3S?h?Briy ? uauata?289 bale* cdtoii I! Ih.il k c i?23
I Mattlirwa k c<>?55 B Dc borea' k in?(6 Hnck k to?J J
Wood?21 J S Sliap'er?OOcaaka Marion ?< Bernard - 133 11.ck
aehrrk boater?10 bhla indae J Whtpj.'.t ? 1 bx Bnfbee k KnrrI
tod.
< harlkoton?Sliiii h a'lea?l oi tra rice i Janm te'ie km
?56 halea cotton (J Buck k co?84 Him h. Mill* k co?38 Law.
rem - k Trinrible?87 ."'. n/Tord. Tileeton k eo? 14u \ Airrill k
co?26 H Coit k co?4 pkea A Koater k aim?39 halea coll on
to order.
M A BITIMP Hlf.M All)
1'liViVi JL IXIXjU Jii UlVil iJ J.V .
POUT OK NRVV YORK, JAM ARY S
tin Ml tut 7 22 I HOOK RIsES All
tun sets !l I mai S-l'
Departure uf th? Atlantic Steamers.
from Litrmrooi. r>ot boitor
Britannia Jan. 4 Feb.
Caledonia Feb. 4 Mar. 1
Acadia Mar. 4 April 2
Packets to Arrive. Packets to Depart.
Loitnon rownoiv.
Wellington.Chadwick, Nov 20 Mor i real, Gritting, Jan. II
A(uebec, llebard, Dec. I O aJiator, Britton, Jan 2i
Liverpool. Liverpool.
74 America, Cole, Nor. 1# Stephen Whitiey, Jan. I!
(Jeo. Washington, Nov. 25 Columbui, Cropper, Jan. II
HAVKt. HAVRE.
Duchette d'Orleans, Nov. 30 Albany, Watson, Tail. (
Sully, Thompson. Dec. I St Nicolas. Prll. F b I
To Masters of Vessels.
Commanders of vettelt will coufer a favor by having a lit!
oY their cargoes, passengers, and a report of vessels left at
tfce port whence they tailed, and the vessels spoken, ready
on their arrival here for Commodore Bas.ett, of our fleet
<? newt schooners. Hs will board them immediately on
their arrival.
Clsarsd.
Ship Albany, Watson. Havre, Wm Whitlock. Jr ? Barlt Maria
Franziska, (Bremen) Hose, Hamburg. Noltrums 4c I' vein
stedt.?Brigs May, Beans,Port an Piatt, S W Lewis; Pliilnra,
Doaur, Savannah, Dunham At Dunou.
Arrived.
Ship llunlsi ille, Mumford, 13 days Irom New Orleans, specie,
AiC to K K Collins Ac Co. Sailed in co. with bark Ligonia, for
Snip H Allen. Wilsou. 3 days from Charleston, cotto.j, Ate lo
O Sutton. 4th intl. lat 34 30, Ion 74, spoke ship rantlira, Goodinanson,
lie nee for N Orleans.
British haik General Wiltshire, Lester. 48 days from Live
paol, with salt, coal and nig iron, to S Thompson-35 passengers.
Brig Giraffe. F.hlridge, 13J days from Mavaguez, PH. Willi
1740 b-gs 40 casks coffee to B Ay ma At Co Ltfl bark Coudoe,
Haley, wtg cargo; tchr Hope, lor Baltimore, soon, the only
American Teasels.
Bug Augusta, Sherwood, 6 days fiom Savannah, cotton and
rice to Siurg s At Clearman.
Bi ig Ashley,Sherwood, from Charleston, cotton, lo Dunham
At Diinou
Brig Sullivan, Brown, 4 days from Charleston,cotton, to (J
Bulkley.
Brig Odeon, Nickerson, 5 days from Hichinond, flour,Ate. to
matier.
Brig Belle, Myers, 4 days from Wilmington, NC. cotton, to
Powell At Milk,
British schr Krnerald, Crawford, II days from Halifax, coal,
to J D MrKeuzie.
Sellr (exchange, Blakely, 4 days from Beaufort, NC. stores
to M Pratt.
Schr Repeat* r, Francis, from Wilmington, NC. cottoD, Ate,
to Powell At Mills.
S< hr Alexandria, Lewis, fro on Alexandria, llour. to Sturges Ai
Clearman.
Sclir Juliet, Woglam, from Petersburg, cotton, Ate. to John
son At Low den.
Schr Marietta Ryan, Welden, from Newberu, NC. stores, t?
order.
Schr Kliza Maiia, Mulford, from Washington, NC.stores, tc
order
Schr Myers, Smith, from Washington, NC. naval stores, ti
order.
Sclir Henry Lee, Cheese mail, 5 days from Wilmington, NC
naV'l stores, to order. ?lh msL A miies south of Baiuegat. Ids
the head of foremast and inaiu topmast, damaged rigging, Ate.
Below.
One brig. Wind W, thick.
General Record,
Korf.icr Letter Office.?Liverpool and Havre packet
sad jo-day. Their letter bagsarejtt Gilpin's News Rooms
ju'the Cxchange.
Scillt Isabella, from Charleston, SC. wint ashore on Romei
Shoals, on 1 uesday night last?was got off on Wednesday nigh
after disch.rging her cargo of cotton and rice in the lighten
Hiram Dixun and Alice hllil. She had received no materia
damage.
Spoken.
Ha'riet.of and from Baltimore for Coast of Africa, Drc 24
lat 37, lou 72 45.
Foreign Porta.
Galveston, Texas, Dec 20?Hie Bremen hrig Ferdioam
Hagadom, is up for Ni ork; also, brig Cuba. Latham.
Bat AVIA, Aug2?-lii port. Navigator, and Victoria, both fo
United States?have been reported Sept 1, as unc.
tillltuu Stales finis,
FramkF >rt Dee El ?Arr Brazilian, Prospect, to load for M
lutlies; Jan 2,Rupert, llaiikin. New \ ork Iu port 2d link s
A.olrr MA. I or W 1 onus I t W (iitf rd I,no.,..,. k
mill, .vinrmer. rfuiaii. Brazilian, (new) iiui>ert; sclim keudus
kesg Manhattan, Brilliant, Cordelia. Caret, Gazelle. Reaped
i'l oiniMoni in. Packet, Legislator, W Henry, Mirror, Boalm
Forester, Jane, Pallas. H T Hiui kley, Spartan. I'lanet, Hi,'
Oliuihus, Reporter. Aurora, Taig.da, Catharine, Two Friendi
Tainerianc, Meciiaiiic.
Wiicasskt,previous to Jau a?Cld Xcida,(iiew ) TriniilaO d
Cuba.
Piik tLann, Jan 5?No ar-iral or clearance. Cld Geo Sk
field, (new,414 loin) Apalactiirola. Harriet aailtd fur Cub
last e thing.
Sal.mm, Jau 4?Arr (Jeu Brooks, St Jngo via Bolton; Lai
kin 8uow,N York.
Bono*, Jau 6?Cld Openaugo, Citnfiiegca. Arr 5th, S
Louie. ftOrleans; Clyde,do.
Hoi Mi i Hot.v., Jan I?Sid Sultan, Alexandria. Arr 3d, CI?
riasa.bult more for Boston; Charles,Sylvester. 'New York I"
Batli; Metropolis. Norfolk tor Boslon; Wm Wallace, Hii'?w
NYorklordo; Balance, Alexandria lor do; Korest Janus, d
for Newburyport; Volunteer, Fredericksburg for Boston
I'iraton, and David A'kins. I'roviiretowii lor Norfolk. 4thI
Remain, the above; also, Bride, and Elizabeth, for NorfolkPM?Arr
Charles, B iltimore for Plymouth; Texas, Boston fc
Norfolk; Monteuo, Rappahannock tor Bualou. Saile ', Cla
| rissa.
EtinaRTowx, Jan I?Arr .May Flower. B.bbidge, NYoik f.i
Tbomaiton; Leu, William,do >or do; Ze| tij r. 'J tinman, d > do
Klizi, Mo ire.do f,.r Haco Sid llio abase, except May Flow
er, and Ehxa Arr 3el. hrrlotte Ann, I'liiiadelplua via N Vol k
for St Jidiu NB. 4'b?In imrt. Charlotte Ann, Klizi, Mu;
Klnwi r; Energy, to sail 6th I' r Boston.
Paoviwcr.Towrr, Jan3?Arr Chief, llio Grande for Boslon
Bostoniaa, Mi tote lor do; Forest, t once for do; Bethel, Cui a
| coa tor do; J Brown. Aux Caves fur do.
Pkovioi.vck, Jan 5?Arr Palestine Suffolk Va?3d. off Mm
y tank in l.eary gale, I ?l deck Inail ot wood; I linn piou. .Nn
kurk; Emily, do. Below, Otspee, Mobile.
Bristoi.,J ii 2?Arr Excel, NYork. Cld 4th, IIope,do.Shl
Hire iue, Matanzas.
I'HlLtDrti.riii*. Jau 7?Cld Mentor, Norfolk; Matilda, L
Guayia; Vigilant, Tampico
I lisl. l iMOHt , .Ian 5?Arr Baltimorr, Boston; Harp. Tort a
i riinre Below, Water Witch,St Johns I'll. O ld Whig. Lot
> don; I'horii. Somerrct Mass; '1 bos H Benton. Dsrbaih <s; V
. Tompkins, Peruainhucu M d a mkt Sid T Street. Madeira
Gen Sumter. I hsrleston; Nile, Bahis; Mariner, Natilucliei
Atalauta. Ni'o dl'ord.
Alf.x asdria Jan 4?Arr Dodge. Work
NORFOLK Dec at?Arr Virginia, Bedell, New York; Maiia
B< s oil. Ill Hampton Roads. Prompt; Clarissa, and Choctaw
Ualninore lor Boston; Hart, and Georgian*, B si oil tor Hal
' more; Chaileitou, Mobile for do; Saratoga, fin Boston; Gliih
riymouth,lor Baltimore; Balance, Alexandria for I'lyinoutl
Cld Palmetto, \V ludits. Air Jan 3, Potomac, Baltimore; Pa
mjra, Turks Island. In Hamptou Roads. Virginian. New Gi
leans for Alexandria?put in lor orders; Lew is, of Province
town The Orb for Kingston Ja; El Cahallero, d ; Haiinai
(new ) lor Pernamlm'o. and a lirig ,u,'p"s< d I > It.- ti,e Twa i'
, for Rio, fin B iliimoie. w elit to sea from Hamplou Roads Ihi
morning.
vtuniLK, Dec SI?Cld Kloridian, Pratt. N York; Deucalion
Liveriasol: Abbot Lord, do. Arr Norman, Bosloo; Peiiuot
Warren HI.
PORTUGUESE FEMALE PILLS.
rpHKBK far-lamed ami c? lebrated I ills, froin Portugal, an
A we perceive, to te obtained in this rountry Her advel
tisemrnt on the last columi of fourth page. d29 Im'ia
\ r.W VOIIK e\' Re. 11 Ml Sit: HOI 1 ?.TY?The o,
is tarU of D \VID AND GOLIATH, composed by tli
Chevalier Neukotnm expressly for Mr. Biaham.and adapte
expressly lo bis style and voice,( Mr. Hraharn as David) wi
be perforintdon Tuesday eieoiug, Jan. II, at the Tabernacle.
Ciiarai tvrj Hi re mi *t i d.
Mister of D rvid Mrs Stroo
Mical, daughter of Maul Miss IVarso
Da* id Mr Brahai
Goliath Mr A K) I
Haul MrJHMassel
Jonathan Mr R Monro
High t'liest Mr W 1> 4 nine
! Chorus of Shepherds, Warriors, Leviles?male suiil lemsh
I attendants?bypiieinber* of the Society.
, Loader and Couduc or- Mr U C Hit
Organisl Mr Harriani
'J he orchestra will be large, consisting of rioloi-, violas
double basars, violmcellos, home, trombones, clanoneit*
r.beol, bassoons, trumpets, opheclridrs, harp. cymbals
Chinese gong. double drome. <tc Ike.
I Ticktb f l each, to be had at the music storea, at the bool
slore vf Dayton it Sailon, corner of Falcon au<l Nassau, Hale'
News Room, Wall I tree t. of the Secretary of the Society, an
at tliedoor,on the evening of performance, wne re aleo hooka u
1 the worda will be for eale. ...
Membera andsnbseribeis will receive their tickete by apply
ir gtoJ A Spatks. Secretary, III Nassau etrect, where j>ei
one wo III rig lo become member* orsuhtcriber* may apply.
Doore will be opened at 8 o'clock, nod the performance wi
. commence at half r?t 7 pretianiy . jH 3t
epHKfirat noinber of I hoinpson's 8a, k Note ltci*,ticr' ? i
i be iteoed from the office, 68 Wall atreet, thia inuruing. at
o'clock Price It eent^. yd It
W/\ \ i P.l ? IIIIII, el lately, -a norae. to lake r ,r, ol I Wo
children None ncid amly without good irfeeence
AdJrcn hoe vb8 lower poatj Ifi. r. jgaf
^ ''' '' R -II.KLE ilKNT, residing I) with luhn i
J.N Miller, ot t an'j'diarie at Fort Plain. Montgomery corn
tr, New York ie irqueated by bit family, at Jteabury", aei
Boston, to inform them of hia present place of residence,)
I they hare been without newa fr< in him for several years.
fi eodUw*
P "ATTRfcT Sill!* llU.N'J 8VILLK, FKiJM Nr. W i/n
LKANS. la ditchagmg at Or leans wharf, n?oi of Wall a
Consignees w ill please attend to the receipt of then g'nils in
mediately. JO
MIC W'l : I K-.y/a.n n a|wcifully inlorma his frteut
aud lite puhli, lliat he has return, d to this city, which I
I inti nda to in ,ke his fiiiuic residence, and w ill he happy to i ,i
i pupil* for the Vtoira and 1'iann Forts. J erins inoderai-. Vi
dress 14 Hubert a reel. St. John's Square. js I w
LOST ?On'I'm sday, llh J.iTinary. ns Finion si New i rl
a green purar containing >18, iu gold pieces t ft not
> on a New York hank, anil aom-smalt change in seieer A sui
nhv reward will be given by calling at 23 Frost at, Pr oklyi
_j81l*
i F; ri litis (in m \n -iiie OU<i i i : lt> ' r ? I I
i j rleiiverea on SuuJay evening. Juimrv llh, in* oii'tituhf
\ IUII.630 nrnft.'ttiy, at half t?a?t 7 o'clock. in wvrh will!
coimiilfrcl M : ** 'he lm*t* of Of ?1. hu I'owtr* u.d '. [ 1
i iu<m, |i'?y aii <tl ?M?J i?#v1 HOIO^KHI * ??! ih* I** ytdrp al?Kh |i
was placed, Seals Ire*. I* 11 .
MKi.i A.Vt i T.F. l. I it F, t n v rtsauwio i it# >. ? > I'
m-u.l i 'lul he Mi*rcai?ti!e L ibraiy a as, ci ,*i o Cm mil i
the lode pendant l.ibewl ticket. headed J., n T. h-'lln.-t
f>e?i lani, ?nd Henry K. I'rali for Vic P, ?*?<!> nt ,'e ipies e
to inert ai J ,ue a Sec nl Want Hotel, On Mom1' v nitt, tl
ID-!, that IT Vines. '
UtK.v>' AN.'FiV'pIt Ally lh> a .
mirers nl III' feui nd i bar > r d It . 1 .r - v 1
a ere disposed to jrin in the r?lebrati<n ?f t t >
I,ie birth O'p the cstli inil. ?"! tet. e, Ifnlfy i ; i
f, m . ai 11 ie Ulne Boo t Mou,-, 17 'pin- . i
day ?vemng, Jan. Inth, at Ivalfpast 7 o i ' ."ir,
I w V'nj e"t?ab'-p-e>imin-ry vrranrmenta., yd t.
TMMBhK KUR THK V a DKV bin K. Hk??' K? YV.
Healtd Propo ;il* will l'*' received at ihn Mi < of ? .? M*.
i yy Affrnt. Mrw V k, u??t I ili?- I-t d.y *r Al.h1 for I u;shi
gat the IT. *. Navy V<*nlv ttn*?k!t*na*ne foil, wiug ti.nber
pUuk fur the fouu<f*uor * ? f ti eDi) 1) ? k. vis.
IIHiO ipriMY o'' If u: ih ^rviii^ rum 24 to 32 f*et?to average
not Jess than 28 it* t: mi l t be not I<ss than 11 and to
average least 12 uehrs iu di-uneler, 4 feet from the butt,
en.lu-ive of lb. b t k
13 <n?o I meal leet whits pine timber, fool ?*iuire for floor tim
hers.
U.oti'i line.tlfeet white pine do, l foot by 1 foot 3 inches iipinr*
for floor 1 iinhers.
341 50?i let! board measure of 3 inch while pine 11 ink for floor
ins.
75.900 feet board incisure of 5 inch > ellow pine plank for sheet
faHfc
AC tli* above timber aud plank to be of perfectly sjund and
(iu- tb> quality.
The spruce piles to he as straight ?s can be procured, ami iu
all respects prepared, for shar)*nirjg him! driving.
The white pm** timber to be free from shakes and larpe
knots?to be sawed straight and square e>lg*-d to the di neumoQi
above 1 iven, and of the f<r>| owjrg Irrgta*. v.7.: one half of
each lot to be in i*'irk* 22,25,24 and 31 u el long The remain
iiglialfof ?-ach lot in sticks 31. 37, 40 and 43 feet long,?the
number of lineal leet of each length to he naarly the same.
The white pine plunk to be Mitirelv fr> t from large k'.ots?
'pure edged?i* lengths of 21, 24.27, 30. SSorM feet?toave
rvgeno* less than 27 feet, and iu widths 110111 10 to 15, toave
r.?gr ni,t |r*s th in 12.
1 he yrllow pine plank to b?* straight and m]u tre edged, suitable
for driving a* sheet piling in lengths ot 13 or 28 let t, and
, in u i 1th from 10 to 12 inches?to averag t no less than 13 inI
ches.
All the above timber and plank to he delirarek on such wharf
or wharfs within the N ivy Yard as may he designated by the
l&Dgiurer of the Dry Dock subject to the inspection and appro,
val of such person as he may select.
The pib s to be nelt\ en d m such quantities and at uti h times
between the 1st day of July and the 15 hday of October as
... ... lui r?fiiiir? il hv Nuv,- A l,? m,l.>d* I li in ft
weeks notice
The while pine timber to be delivered between the lit day
of September and 3l?l day ct Oc'obtr, aou
The while ;ind yellow pine plunk between the lit Oct' ber
J and 3Uth November.
The pr 't>Oi?l? will state the price per stick for the piles?
per cu >ic font for the white pine tiiub r, und |ier foot boa d
! measure, for the 3 and5 pine plank.
The riilit i? reierved to assign lts? than tin whole iiuuntity
of each kind of timberto anv olir l>d ltr?uud oifeti will P#
received for any portiouofeitlierkwd.
' I'riiioiaiilo be endorsed, * Proposals for Timber, for Dry
Dock. Brooklyn "
N. Agi ut'i office, New \ ork, la- . 3d. 1841.
* ROBERT C. WETMOHE, N.vy Agent.
j8 3tawtAlst _
OHttP BUTCHERS?Attention?Vlie Shop Butchers of the
City ol New York generally, are rr.juesle.l io aiietid a
Meeting of the Independent Shop Butcher* A?s,elation, on
Turn lay evening. January Utb. at half part seven o'co?k.
The Members of the Association are specially r< i listed to
attend on bus mess of importance.
Bv orlerof
j8 3l. \V\I. WKARI.E. President
N OTICE, TO THE PUhUC.?Whereas, Wm. Moore, se
coml Steward, and hii wife, have ma icio sly then
lated f Isr assertions and charges reflect in? unoo my romluct,
during liie wreck of the steinier Savannah?1. John Krni, in
the most public and |HMitivc manner, deny the sat' charges
as false; audio prove the a tine. Captain Crane and the undersigned
have, in the kilid-*t mauner, come forward to prove,
that my conduct was both itisfactory and honorable during
tins voyage, and at the time of the catastrophe, and the best
that circuins' aacra warranted for the welfare of all.
JOHN KENT,
Steward of the Savannah.
John R Crane.late Cnplain of e'ramer Savannah.
James D. Phillips late Mate of ditto.
Wm llarth. junr., passenger in thesame.
Lydia Kield. late Stewar 'rssof of do. ii 11
CEO Ml S?S P a N11H Hut .-is.? w U*. > O. It.i i I x
O A HI-TOOK ATIC tlELlOHTKUL TREAT.-I i order
to corresiaiud to the pomilarity that has already acipurvd
the Spauish House, No. lu9 Nassau street, (the provisory depot.
till nn' inay or before) thraugli the liberal patronage re.
ceivril Com the citizens of New York and it* vicinity,and the
cheapness and superior ijnility of the Segar.it w ill be sold at
5 per cent profit, the following imported Havana and Principe
Began ,
simp) prime L.a Norma,
( 12 OOU arronu tin.
125,000 tint rate Java Principe*,
, oeoo very mild and good flavor Xoriiga*.
30,000 Aguiiaj, the brand contracted by the Krr.g of the
French lor the c maumttion of hi* dear people.
The same ?ill alio be retailed by the buoch of 25 S<gar*. at
1 the wholeaale price.
i'X?~ V?ry old imported Havana, tube retailed at 2i. 6d. the
bunch, containing 25 uncominoiily good Srgar*.
The Patent Srg ini, alnay* in vogue. ja m?
' T) EMKDY FOR I1FAF.N ESS-Certificate ol Cure -\Vw7
. tv ark, July 8th?Thi* i? to certify, that ou the 12th day of
Julie lam,being in New York. I purchnieda hottb olSeguiue1*
. Acouatic 1)rol a. a Remedy for Deafnei*. I fo'lowed the , irectioca
atrictly, lyringing, Ike. a* i. itructed. Before the bofc.
tie wji half evhaiiated, inv hearing wa* entirely reitoreit. f
[ hare for i he- I ait ten daya h'aid a* diitinctly ai ever. Reing
about to return to my native <ity of Richmond, I am happy
to make llii* public uckimwledginent, and to iecoe iii i.il in
valuable a medicine to public patronage.
(Signed)
JOHEPH O VAI.E.
This valuable preparation ii for *ale (price (I sop t ! ,itle>
by A-B. h D.Sand*, No. 79 and 100 Fulton itreet, In \.
, Sand* & Co., 273 Broadway, and by D. Sand* U < o . N'n.7Y
Ea*t Broadway. ja t ru
|>A'l ttoLirli* UF okL NKtNNtSa -A iiennTiln- Let?
: i tureon thi* itihject. illuitrated by a iplrndi I tnminnet
1 cv of I)r. Sewall'i rugravitigi, ihowiiig the tfferl* of Aim ' !
| on the human itomach, wll he deli rend by Dr.W K.HnWB, I
1 recently from the Schools of Pa? if. at Clinton Hal', Mo'ndMr
Evening, hall pait 7. Jan. in Admiltanee 25 cen*. I.adi?
a ltd gentlemen are invited to alt, nil. jg at**
ECHAN1CS' INSTITUTE LECTURE.TOn MmST
eveniiic. January 10.at the New York Society Cibrii?
by '."harlri tl.Delav in, Ei<t .on Teinperauce, comment nig Jg
8 o'clock Ticket*, admitting a lady and gentlemin,2 mil,
' to be had at the following named place* : Clinton Hall ImMk
a'ore. coruer of Brekman and Na*?au; John S Taylor. RriX
r Church, Chappie itreet; I'altinion, corner of ,\a**au and AS
atreela; Exchange Lyceum,cnru*r of Brmdnay and I.eouafll
licet*: a'd at (tie door of Temperance Hall, comer of WlJtS
T and Centre ?t?. jg jf
' is At HAaOE HOTEL.?The proprietor ot thi* ulahliihl
lV,ineiit. at the eommei cement of a new year, ritn-iin his I
thank* to III* frimd* and the public for their liberal (upnirt*
*ince it wa* firtt npenxl for their accommodation in Inly U?t?
' Hi' lie hope* still fur'her to merit it by u nking all t> o*e whs
' ?oj uru at the Exchange a* comfortable, at lean. ?* at any , tlier
'< hotel in llie Union. He take* thi* opportunity al*', of cautioning
the public agamat tlie unfounded rumor* put all.mi try >utee
rifted (>er*oii??bout the extravagant cliarg>?*aid toliave been
made at In* lintel, by naming them lliey are now what hey
alwaj * ba< e been. 'J per day.
1 A It iclieil to the hotel i* a large concert and ball room, which
will he 'it for inch piupme* upon a* rcaanuable term* a* any
intheeity. F. BO V DEN, Proprietor,
I HirnMnan.V*.,Jan 4.1*41. j|
> i ? - i v i j I." i - f I , A iVi < ib'L'i, < f? Of
. 1VIVA lm I ) l\ n# i in/vix v/rri^r<o.
r piII . BEXJHM1N BRANDRKTH'S OFHCKS, for the
tliegile of the Bramlr' th Till*, are?Principal,241 Broad,j
way, New York Otliiri ffices 187 Hudson street ; *76 Bovre,j
ry ; j75 Second f tret. Philadelpnii, 8 North Kip Ih streeti
Boston, 19 Hanover street; Baltimore, cornerct Light and
Mercerstreet; Pitubuigli. 1 *26 Woed street; Llnrleston, 7#
r Meeting itreet; Nen OHesni, 8 Old Leret , t (ocinnitL
Third reet ; Louisville, 99 Kou-to street; Ricnmond, Third
street; Ht. Louis, 49 Main Ktrc t ; Montreal, 9) Notre Damn
r ftrnt ; Pciighkctpsie. V. Y. Albert Van Klreck ; Norwhick.
f't. W. Falkncr ; IItrtford. Ct. Henry Benton: New II tvmk
. Ct. Charles Crosby ; Mi Idteinwn, Ct; R. Chime. The hilt
at* ? -M a! 25 e n's n*-r ho*, with fell directions. j8 3t
t | lVti'uni a.s i io rl hl< pI'LAh KKS? UrrvTt: Your
I valuable preparation of Horchouud deserves a few remark#
i; I'rotn my own experience. Being in the habit of addressing
i* frequently large meetings, and my constitution rendered sonceftijble
of colli, I found my strength mnd health gr ulually deeitlMt
?y spirits ! king, mt hints failing, .?' '! mi v. ire
* fal ering fast. Im fast I had lost all hopes, and exery hour
fearful of bursting a blood vessel, when yotti Horebound
< andv aid the cures it had effected reached me. I believe
I <oi?k but one pack ige, when every uulav rattle symptom
? appeared, and my general health ?volenti) i in pro . e l. I f^N
now regenerated ?o enmpetrly that I am freely empowered
0 i? speak and act better than I did three years ago. My appe
i- titcisgood, and my gen?-ral healtfh restored You can make
f any use you please of this certificate, which it would be in jus
>; tice to withhold from the public as w? II as \ ours elf.
; J. WhLCH, 144 (iold street, Brooklyn
Agent for the Brookly n Temperance
Society. '
i, To Messrs. J. Pease Ik Son. 15 Division street.
\ Kach envelope of the genuine Candy is signed in full, " J.
>- Pease k Son. 45 Division street,'' of whom it c*n be obtained
% wholesale and ret il.
> Agents, Rushton fc Aspinwall, 110 Broadway. 10 Astor
I* House and 86 Will iatn street; Dnggs, 881 Broadway; Tmp**
eon, corner of Fulton k William street; Satins. 241 (.'entreat;
Wrndowrr, 141 Kighth Avenue; Dr. Sym??, Druggist, 63 Doxr ?
ery; Aynew. :too Hudson strert; Recount, corner of (rrand
1^ hi d Division street; Young, 180 i a al street.. j8
* DKMlrTANt'KS TO KNULAND, IRKLAND. AND
IV SCOTLAND ?Drafts from AH, ?i. X3. A'5,?|0. Xi5 t#
!' A'lOtO, aod upwards .payable at sight or at sixty days, at vhu
* following places iu England, Ireland and Bcnilaiid, can always
be obtainta of S. J S\
138 Broadway and 2Q Wall st.
IRELAND.
Athloue, Duogaiiuen, Mona\hum,
Armagh, Dungarveu, Mnlloio,
p* Belfast, Dublin Money more,
, B lima. Rangarfon. Nenagh,
Bain bridge, Knnlskillcii, Mw Hon,
Brjlymsua, F.nns, Om gh.
Ban,ion. Ennisr ^rthjT, rarsonatown,
1 Bally-shannon, moy, H acommoii,
BaJlanaaloc, Hal way. Rose re#,
Boy!*, Downp itrick, Sligo,
Cork/ Kilksnuy, Btrabaue,
* Cloumei, Kiliush, Thurlcs,
" ( oleraiuc, Lin.ents. ? 'rpcr*Ts
Cavan. Londonderry, Trale*..
t Cootehilj, Lai gal). Tupim
' Csrrirk < n 8 ir, Longu.rd, 'I allow,
" r ?shel, Loughrsa, Wet rf? rd,
( herleville, Miti helsp>wn, Wextord,
f'astlebir, Moate, Yougti&l,
' KNOLAND.
| LnD<!nu. ilirnuigli.ni, Prii'w,
, Livcrpoo'. Lrrd., Brutrl.
Mali (it.t?r, I.,nca,ter.
SCOTLAND.
Kdiubiimti, (iri. noik. DuLiiro,
' Uli?(u?, ^ ^
| rivA.i' r.. h
. Pali*. Have, B
CKHMANY.
,f lloinh.rg. Bremen, Kralkfor', B
Peraou* tutt ing to renit to ti e r friend* can alwaya rel> oa B
their order* ,11'mini to liie I 0 low 11 g ( *(ke I I. r noij'tof B
r. runiltan'r B
The highcat rate will b; allowed for bill* unary <1 tha B
II above |il n'r?. jg 11 B
? FEMALK MONTHLY PILLS. I
8 IJH+.PAHM.' BY MA DAMP. COSTKLI.O, No. M L"ur a- B
1 naril alreel. B
II Theae Pilla are a?knowledgrd Ivy the flrtt phyairian* in tha
, 1'nited Sta'ea a* the ory beat medicine llial la 'ica lab< ring B
nuder a aiippreaal n of their natural illneaa ran take, and they B
very n il 'n fail to relieve when taken according to 'be dine- B
f Uqua. Thorn ?:,u call lor tlwm will ba aupolieil with her eir- B
"" ctilae, containing ample direction!, and all the preeautron* aa> B
" reva try to be otxerved lu their iiae. Advice grati* Office M B
14 Liiiemnt atrwt )8ltn* fl
h(>t . 1 OK nl.llVMt cmtnnie* to enj >y llie c>n?CJence of I
the puhlic in I tie iieatment -nil cure or Btrictnre*, (cr he. B
lie haa the largeat i.ffi e pra> tiee of any amgeoa inikiacity, B
t beraua-le hae (wen longer in practice, and ha* met roie- B
rienee in theiie fiaeaae* to which he devote* hie whole atfrn- fl
tiou.iiio ' especially becamt hei< unlike the medic il pretea- B
1* ilere, being h maelf a phyaisian, aod a graduate in hpprdfte B
ie ai'u. I'< mm* lakoiing nodei protracted and ditfiriiH ca?'a maf B
ie rouaii'tl i nwithcotifid nce.duriM thedayor evening. at KM B
J. nffire-Nn. J \nn street, entrance M Ute atore, or through tha B
entry. J8 If I
v- D 0 GTOR B E L L.. 1
TOIC BKLL davotr* hi. peraonM attention ( Vfy dbtfl I
# '' a I* M.) to th* removal of private diaea >e* in ev<ry anga. B
Allii lf'ring nniler |wotractedca*e*,aggravuteu or n, au< craggiil B
? ly tiwated by 'aaipr i ienerdnrTTrtendV/'pfaetitiniirr* ; iboMlh- B
r, leinug iridi r th? Katnictiv* elf'cta, of nerciuy or , aektno^ B
e tr'im*,anaallw hi vhapert tin ratnaiti* of di?i ,e Itiri lug ia t! B
Pa-U.qr.anyxo ianlt Itr. li. abca> a \?iLh a guarantee of i Bra ? B
ie V*raor? contemplating marriage, w ho hxve heea t?aji ;h- B
h' t;of d l^'.>!elilae.l?ei,ln?J eoraull . r. Bell with hoMtebra B
~ - tide' a ran>l?ltBra,da*?riMn ..'lagBaat
anutrr.' ban hir rr.mtrin'f 'i ,u Pr !!.'? Ireh tercr
r uipriver vnapuicii^ud j* w-il Upo? i. ' U aale atiditrma B
9T- Private offio** 4 COUHTLANIJT 8TRKI V ?* I
I ; i ir
p I/KfcNOll l-ANOt'AO'?MA.NKBOA 8Y8TK d ?Tfch I
I ' j? ' ir tr>B
i W ; I tC.it It'll t? |l
- P n i%'f Hs , 'he > *f i ,r
T PEASE k SON'S HOREHOUND i aNDY-Th* im
J dtr* idled h.ife u*ed J 1't^r k 2Sju'? t lallie.J 1 g euce
of 1' rehound taudy, R???i can recoinu.tiid it for cough*,
tolill, h r*tUcM > fleetlou# ol the lui'K*, flic.
m IU? Mi i raut^i*. I'aaicr ui il.c 11 Et hutch.Eocaftkak
HC? Mr l/iud-fy, pAjttor of M E Church, Seco- u ?t
* Iter Mr fl Rarity, No 25Cn>-1>y at. Pa*tor at the idtj HoafcvMrDMii
Nwwk, N J*
He? Mr Uurall 949 brr.?d at, Newark. N J
Re? Mr Luchey, PC New York Coufa'cnce.
* Re? Mr Van reddle, Bnmklv n
* Re? Mr Ortffiti, PaalorofM tI'hureh, Bedford at.
i H? v Mv Whitkker, Paatoruf I' Church, corner of Catfcfrriue
nod .viiuiiioniU.
* Rev Me H art. Pa*tor of B Church, Cold at.
Elder K apt?.
* Kir? Mr Kellofg. rec nt Pa*t?>? M E Church Willatt at.
Rev Mr Ijauirl* Buffalo.
* We rini'd add titty otherv of live m<<at r*#|?eelab|e rUit^ **tn
iu tne hUi? ,> ut ??- jirviiittie the above u* ?urti' ieut t?? en**!)
*the moa* akejitirwl of the effeac) ? f d. t'ea?e k Sou* Hot* .
houuil < a,i<I) . in.tuuUt luted *l*d ?old, wholtc.tle and i?la?i, at
*4S Dividou at.
The foil w ma are our State ugm ; ?
! Mr (J W KeddiiiR No. 8 hta e ft, lioaton, Mh*.
Mr O B Zteber, ,??. ?7 Dork at, PhiladeMti*. Pa.
Mr.) Hoberiaoa, No III Baltimore at, Baltimore. Md.
I Vet-rt J K Coin a k Co. >o 13 P. a change I'tace, New UrSe-iDi,
La.
' Mea*r# Dutyu* e k Co. Motile, Ala.
* Mr J Woodward, HI Loan. Ma.
Mr f Tohey. Ota^ioiMti, Ohio
" Me# rt Hani in?l, Harrom k Allen Char!##ton, a C.
* Mr Wm J Doeall, 933 Br? d at, Newark, N d.
Mr W N H; Idemau. LoM-ville. Ky.
Mr Piercey Tel!rr IMmit. Mich.
Mea?rf P#rk Si Sie.nr, Bnrhngfon, Vt.
* J Amtl?^?ny, New Hareu.t onn. 1
* Mr JCiayuor Ruhmnal Va : "
, Mea*ra Fr uk 'i'aj lor k Wm h lahtr, \\ aalungtoo City. 4> C.
Mr J A Wailaworlli I'rov liirucr, i\ e,
? Mr J B Cnalei. Mnulyoem ry All. '
Mr J Mattiue, Kayettetil'e, N <
Mr (i W s,,th."u i?-..rU'?*wn. DC.
' >1r< H Hunt. Krr'l'?. k? V*. j*
XTJClNA CORDIAL.
MAGMN'8 LUOINA C(MURAL,
UOR the aure au<l apeedy rii?? of Incipient Conmtmpttoti.
" Barteiiiieaii Iin potency Kludr A1 ' ua or Wbite-a, Gleet.
Obalructri', difficult or Imintul .Venal motion. Incontinenceof
ITriur. or involnutarjr awchkrgw thereo', and tor the general
TMtratiouol (he nyatcin, ixf matter whether the rvaull of inherent
caiiaee, or of rniieee f>r> dur-d by irregularity or illuefr
V The widc-Kprcftd cehbti?V of thie wonderta! Hid lutftima
He cordial in both hemiepherea. in ;i kiiflh-ient irnaraa'ee far Ua
(,on k anil positive aurreae tn runny ah the above akTecLnme
and complaints. Nnthiig can be mure eurprimeg tiwn I'a invigorating
etf eta on the human frame. I em our ali * tab nam)
and laaaitude b? f A* taking it. at once become robual and full
ol energy under ita iuliueure. It immediately eounle acta 'lie
a?rveleaeiietut or looaeiie,* i?f ihr female frau>e..w inch u the on~ly
came of barfejuirae; and which, prior to Dr. Magnudadia*
tovtry, w? ( ocaidered 10 be incurable. And itepodify re
' more* 'he im|>edimruta [ir. dured by |ili>aical prostration.
* which frrhjuently deter nu n frcin getting married. Language,
indeed, canito . do jua'n e to Die meiits of the r.neina t'oroiai,
* whii h i? regarded by the heada of the faculty In all parte of
Uie world, aa out of the timet important medical dweovrriea
of any ace.
^_,Forjlle it tiilBrnadway coi ucr of Grand alreet, ahtl al 90
?>orth Sixth atruci, I'laladtIflua. 1
Price >3 |ier hpltie. j8 'in*
? CuLLt.r'ron'i I art nr., New Ifmc I
* r January S. Ikti, )
* 'DORPOSALS will le rccrind ontil the 15'h inM,. lor re
T patriot; the dwelltoga. ato owt heuaea : ttached, hayU/BiaiK
? W> thr United States. at Atateii .arautl. ac,| u- wovCiCUpted br
V>lr. Smith and Mr. Meteali*. acconling to the following aptcdiI
cation .
All thecar|ieiiter and in.iron work of both hoaee?canitbc
Oit hou?em to hi'fully rrnorrd whi rc iicceaeary.
Two wiudoww. with bin frame* and aa?h<-a. hung with
weiyhta a>d pailller.gla** I0.\l3,will t>el nmo.ha.il
All the locka and fastening*to be repaired ant Airpiehad, the
Icrtliy he ofritynnlte.
aJJI rh r v%in-k Horkmul w*lfc4obe Oiomugitly pt^lcd with
^ white and Alb* r iuuj'i the mimdtp *n<i reyairpd rk
I t *6r.?elf ??r * hite, aud th? incite vtitlionc, **ceft the
l d(dir?. whit 1? Aire loh^te Ihret cu.ita
- The in .ti.ru a i ecaaaary to he of good <ju till> .. and .tlii work
. to br dour sibilant tally, and in a woikuunltkr maimer, huU
? Cuaiiili ted by (lie lint d.ry of M n:h licit
X JT toll .EDWARD ruRIIH. rolVclor
\fKhOANTILfe LIBRARY ASSOCIATION. f>t
->*A nominating c. miritur xppoiutrd at ? n (e'lni ttfMlie
member* ofthr Mercauti e Library Aaincialbni. on Saturday
r fTfuii'|(. 1(41 h ult., reaprctfully preieut the fi I owine prrnnne
a* candidate" for the autfrepei ?l the inrmben,' ID tli? indepem
drat liberal lieket
1 . l""or f'?t'.
J?bn T. Rolhuii, with ffyiherACo.
" ' Knr Vic'Preri.leeit.
Henry R Prall, with A. T jStrwart It 1'c.
* '* Kort>m-?potiiliii?f kcrrtar*.
C. C CiorHbn. wiih Mct'nrily. Alilrirha A Speneer.
m 7 Knr Rerortiinp Beere t .ry. '
^ Wm M/J'aika, with Aimincaii Eiylunge Bank.
%" ... Kor Tr'amirer. i
J Anthony Hal<ry,?itli 'I udermeft'i Bank.
5 Kor Diivclor*
^ Tho?. W Hinchmaij, w ilh N J.BerarACo. *
^r' WWdron IS. Port. Jr , wijh t. offiii A l'n?t.
I He?h>m Burk'eller, with Hmrv Wv ckoff A Oo'.
B* C. H*dc, ?rh Krtd'k Krflnpg.
X Wb. H. lAiniielt. VJth W?o?l, Johnion A Burrelt
m Thod. Kieebom; Jr., with Kreeborn fc Hitchcoc*. '
J. P. Robnuixi, with K. P A A. Woodruff.
J* v"?u?Burkfrck. ]
Ik'' ' . ' T"h?frt:e Darrowr. |
a Win. R, Jfbyea, > Noni Commit tte.
TB jd? K. LIOJ ?r,
U' Heurv i'lnckh -m, I
|pyj7 at Joel O.Beeeene. j >
JpfiroRTASIT to Po.ttfia^er ami otlier>. through nit tna
-HL y uit?.l $titan ?(Jedey,* Lady Book, tor Id?, Offered on
He following trrina : 3 eopiea.one year. 5J, S Hnttq db Ho $tt)|
SJ Ho do lo d- 430, tinglecopira dodo $1. Atldrex
J L-A. OODEV,miiah?r#H??1. '
MLf tint vVFTQi AOr iKideipiiuro 'krjci tv*v*
ro submit to the .Mrrchaui* uf New York, ft pf*?i for an
c^kubtybmtnt with the mhov?< title, embracing. inch branch**
I V ku^M'V at e now inul'rtakrti by ani other tmheidual,
^Hnd which Jte li'iew* ofvutKi-ienf importance to ihemercan*
'^Hile tonita'iDily to rerrief and merit tin ir patronage
V Mercimt ti are often atk lot*, iu the bnrry of (unhreea to
laow where to apply fbr the aaeKtarire .hay need Ilia the
t^Bbjeetbf thiaeeuMiehmeni toifford them aa Imle.erraatfiuch
iZr th.-> may require.
fci Th?b<umea< f thi* ealaSl rah meat will .include *11 nrgotiajdion*
whirh merch all and other* may dteire tw hale coufl^alenlially
eoaductrd, and will include
A, ProruriDK Partner*,
|c. NcFWtialina with Manufacturer*.
ii'K MctvJtauU wi h ( Irrktf,
^ Com promts i na w ilh ONliturg,
KflrcUinr Mmitte ari?l Yire lti*ur ?nce.
r Drtwioi Ciiintnermi t outracU, kc. kc.
\ *ab<l f#? the |<ikrpi?*t of i>ro?ijiug tein|?(<rAry .occupation for
Clerka who *?re out of employ
A ' AllUutld ofMiiliir. bookkrcruitf rollrrtiuv. Slc.
^ Turpi*' oi providing nuajuby which per.on* draining of
Apanr ?:Iihc i litwurlve* in *u?iii ??. may I am something or lie
Kit ire 01 tlie b"?iu??? propoted. before name* irejtllrii, or ilie
- Knrtiea introduced li advintagc* wfiirhcoi ueeer be obtained
,#oio a DtviMpr hi tli? common mode of applying for
mbriner*. Tb# aubtcnbcr plio h*i hid mncli riiirrieuce m
yiitdc. and H a| educated a merch inf. feel* matured lint he u
"jpBipetent to tonducl tlW? p?rlo( the burine ? to he*nti?fac?T)ou
of tli* i?rtie?1ut(rr?'ed. ami will he enable f in procure
fjSirturr* In a In. oat nery branch of hiuine**, wpieli will jteld
Cxur rvu.uper irion for rink ami one ol caoilal.
Mauuffet jreri and rnrrrh.iut* froth the country w ho have
rtunniM to tranricl lit the city, u ill fin.I t thin ageucy nn mia,
ffttt alltiinc*. of obtaining introdOi 11 <u to mrrrhani* ol good
flManding. \VTie e re?poiuihIc ag? lit* or partner* ar< wanted
^Hpei y facility will be afforded at ! *< crpe *< than they will
SKuriir.lVir hoard and lea* of tui.e, wlule atti mptiug to r irry out
Kwh negotiation to- mar t ei.
"The i roy Mi i vii tj give temporary employment to clerk*
V.who are out of place, a* It will rii <ble thein ,o earn a aulwiefcrleni
r until per imb-nt *u .h.ioiu a an tie p ocured, (tnua cou
maiiniinV Ikeir regular hue urn* habit*, and guar ling th in
Kgrumtheeeii triwi tat oi of idtcua**) will no doubt uiret the
pifPI FoDatioi. of Hum* engaged in antiv. biMnre*. anil r ctivc an i
?eruee from lilt in a* a body, ouch encouia. emrlit and ?Upp >rt
Bail wrtileueble ill-; *.iO*crib*r to give I lie plan a lair trial upon
at* merit'
gf A reguter willbe kept at the Mncaulile Agency where
.Ktolerka ?h? are in a aut of einpliiymr t can cm ol Lhrfr tianier,
^Kigrx.ijoeliti allone. raeeodenrr, nainea of former e nployer*.
f reference*, and mu-li oilier information a? uhlrairable; which
wilf be exhibited tu ii eruhaiit* wanting him-ii.u e. and proy?r
0 meaauria ivill tie taken to ontainaiiu.ttioiui lor ibcia witu all
reanon .bho do patch.
Tin anvantaj- afforded to merchant* at all time* to etamine.
>rea*f coeige, a register containing llim information
iwiU readily lie xecn ?u I appreciated by thein. The merchant
finning < haractar, reterenie*. *nd all other tiling* *ati*faelory,
can be iutriNtuccd 10 the clerk.and in kc M* owu bargain.
J l o tht clcc* il l* offer* great lacihtir*?it make* hi* want
Kot aaituUuiii known tu tin p>r*.n Wanting a clerk, and the
fee rr<fuir> d f r registering will not evcenf the etpeunc of an
? ordinary ad erln uin , t I one lie n rpif* r, fw hilr lit nil nb-r of
w,Br i *1'*! era in the ally tr.aikrr.it t'mt a cltrk wh > attempt* In
af advertiai ia al , will |ai> a 1 irgr aain. ami not then lie certain
la of re eking the individual * Ih> w tahei to give Mm employ B
meat, at ihe* one i 'e if ne deanr to *dr>itic. hecando ?o
^iro gh the Mercantile. Ag< ni, I? ilaoat .publishing i j? nunc,
AMnd thu?eu*nr? a inure certain ?pplicalioa llian if he rnfuir d
Bhnnnfwec Mdrt?*?d to any Irtnruf the alphabet,?box m the
Bp<v*t|ome*. I r lieI'illua ?'gn tore.
W twiiineitru Willi thi* branch oft e burin *a, it i* propter!
^*n finni* i tem.airai)" inpfr y mint to clerk a w ho are ori< ol hoand
to ihi* i nd n i* rnjue* ed ol mere tan * wdm lave
extra writing rwho rued extra hejp-'tiriig tin buiiin t* season.
or who wi'li their tvoi k* raimuud written up, ported, balanced
account* ma ie out and collected, at nay itiioo oi t ie
year.'fn atiply at the Merc tattle Ag'iiry
I ' rerxniial -ttc tiou will be gieru to *ubinittiiig'prnpo*itioti*
tocredi or* for itttling inanireot e.t it * The uiicrr-ign d
wrtl endeavor t iki?e *ati*fa tunrto all tin i-*ho may cuulide
hi* d pariineot of b ione n u ln? care
Marine an i Kire i i ratice will be effected The ?ub*cri!ie|
ftel* confident thai h know -edgr ?f thia brani-h uf bua ne?x
wUI be.o'gi ai V line to tl*i*e Trijuinng liuuranec, and tie eu
?lte? eilfph'v no nl i?-w m try ? ?ing ufierattone Hi* faint
)l?r?en Wllh uie bii?i.ie?* wetf en -ble turn in yirocar.- ruk? at
th^ffPett r''e- Hr w i I *l*w grer In* a'tenti ,w to Preparing
rtnTailiiait of -ndadjutti g-u collrrto g rlaim* f-r 1 ri'?
kll ftlbd* of men a*lile contract* ami igre- i^rt* will bf
carcfuKy evawu on application undtr Ihc adricw-vf an et.e
ri??<oed hgal genlli nii .embracing cicry iari.-ty of trai ?ac
Alt -OlMfl will ** > be pieea t.1 ti imiiu .(( aa I simplif) iu|(
compfica.e J wtmiuU
Sla i"K adininittrsittwa, partttert end delhirT aerou: ft.
balaa?ing in-r. Inula txaiha, making 1. erne- ah.eta e?,| I
n.< hi ' 'or opcbtaa new ?eu of hooka, a aeaiecl ,.f
which 1* 'T <n III' I'linr ?f t'i?ac ? en ? ??.whi>. ilw , ,i
r? cuab.te the merchant al a" Inn-? in -1> ->K . -11ti l u ly i.f
the cne.' " ? ' hi" hooka. * rrtlili . i o "Hch ki ) b<
cheaply inrcntaed Many lu.rch-n't .re t - e. u?V en../ t1
to do lhi? thcm?-lTc? an t art aawil ing m l met ii li iiko.hpetent
inr# in. who mate ^itip'aerror" itmrt c mpi. tied
Krtort Will he dclreWal m ten ot 1.. . ke whether mad' it..
taati'Hietl) . r t -r ng i (ateUa?iW"? ..r irii oranav nw.il.ient
* error" inalg by oua ixrt er iml .nt. , *th. e. or ny a leniidu
W loot deh or to de.-en e hi" creditor, will he "earthed at Mr en I
' eipoted. St.bmoni# > ( daliiurt" . u,.l? n.ada, wue din
kden.lt t? ... *e*il lu. pet.I* men t wiln crttwm
? yb. fileilti.l Knot fni mcrch nit" w ill he u- Rati .le<L A me'"
Ih^di" licr* tiMpt'fil to 'he m rthanf. w u ? should at all
etimet heje (hint pi I i" me III.-to iilU'll n.ou. y m?'i| Alt) t nt.r"
cdhcy with ui ep> .tin*. ? pari r l.i lha Vent oil oi
ak Theai.d. r?i: ?-d y oyoa^t lit.' toalt'tid t> oy in her hohnrid
ble brain of hut m?. r,jni i.r the intervention of a-thiid
9 pariy. ihe nature 0' w 'eh ,. to-. |?r imiKunri to he peril- iilarVixed
aIJ io*tler? eiPnitied ?o hit ra.e will tr ttpJc-iitv
deotiaJ ? e.d aiieil;.d with pridnptmnle. (Ch- litkrhicei
^ftilw'jp W. A. ? OOUH a itl>.
* Metaea lie An lit nj >eg let. r.
jP So d.Ec. haott PI W.-W.C iruer Id H ut in afiret.
j' f# "law '
TJ OTlCL. ? Wan'td t ftimt iate m#n. *ka be# a general at*
ull epiai.it em e w.h1 a-ntta n adv rep 1*1, to join a <ret rale k. epKar
in anaitv tilt itllMcudlil Mttl i c imol. .e . tiler end
Uwilh a U'R. ruu O' ttewl)'cnal.nutr" Hat a'.I furuitnre at
^mpnteni reViie Hi-tct to YORJt. at the N?w Vork p.e.1 v0ic?.
If AN TtiO-" A "Ita.ipn. Iry' e re ,?ei leu e j 0 M n'ei. it
W' dn,eiitVa I .on e a ,k. ?a I who raa (tire g md ruhwrnit,
Hflaqutre <i Nealfi M-.l>?' * "
TALI AN dlikl' ? ?ir. "t \.e .# i...?, ,, .
^lUvt io Napleg, pupil o, the celebrated 1'ariui end <.witc?-ti
W) fi??t ine'rwelmn nn term" to tui the timet in It .liao.
krt jfi. a ad K %iidi SinRiua. e*l in the mux ftahio^itile at) It
aw of Phaani.irte , Ie, in*. ?lr vl hat permittioii in refer ti the
, All I mm.*'Bll-uaew?
'iiJ. M Wtniwtachi. 0. I).: Henri Howlaad kAaptowall
jwVo|h"'e " ' ^ f> triiliia. P.'al. Hiwiat, 0. U?
J. pr> Mr. M. ten let at (I W .lk"r ?tee??. He - r ItS'iiHwty
wC A?AITH*h HW-e I ? , eilttt Oel.m
if'Y 1 hdSuMe.d' ri- lh- mdy peit,.,i wim i...? Wil.i.e Pa
aa Mat Aalaimi.il rl'irefnatbaf. lot .ale . ....
f-j" SII.as l4 U^' KiAll.
V iP " ''" et'
T, rir.ilh.x'rt tt.tnn.?in? i#.n I.. . I. it rahii
F h" at plepe.lrwent Kuud. aiil itke ptaeewt tke-Pete tw. ik.
'aa St.) .da/ ttefinf. Jat 3ltt. Ticaeia f? jitaetfe'
p
iaetlon
lit 1 HUM AS BELL.
and I It t'wI.m/trMli.l
THiB DAY.
A?1?l o'eltrt-lr at thr Auctinu Honmr_ * "vy"
F.tt<-oe>>e Furtmtirr ?<lt?comiirwinR llie entire rttrrirLo
Funiiiure ol a family (feiflft'if ,h?u"?eeiMn|. *"*
AU?>, stock* ofelegant lirwciiy made cninoet F4raitiit*.1>?
order of aftiignees. * ~ % * K J
Alto, theeutir* lock cja rtVilo^t Maker, together' *wTlh ^VD
??iortmrnt of*|4c*ifitl >M4?, rocking chaitI."#ofn t>edf auflji^rl?r
cHafrt. fn*??? ?matiufirfftrYrgivitig buaiOers. ; rCatafogire#
tu time *
TUESDAY. 1 Pele
"'Tdry go?d?, I an.fUtlic Ice. jef?elrr. elolhita* \4?A4tl
( ooH/, tiar.tw-i?, ipiirt. (!. . ' ~T r- TV
AI?o', .<# dvz wiue', n u*o egw?. miHinery. Be, Ac. ' * "
W.dnkwday. .
At 10| oVWk, in ?he Sa<et Knows
S| lrutJi4 k umiiuif? Hon nrrtitc the ti*oitr hoiiieMeliinr
arti-Ira, from to*TamtSea (Ar-tii* imhouatheett inc.
Alio, the tt rk ?fa caki*M maker. : t
. . > : L Vt *m
SMATV 1*111. r.S T.ESS IK A V EI. THAN ?4
4J1Y OTHfiR ROUTK r ,l
S^StE_aK_ftif0<,thr*? .50 * v
Tlie ftraiufloat I IIOlll.N or the NIMROD, leavegtPaflfarlne
Market (Tip, F.aVt River tide. fur Brii)[f|iofl,eVpry morning
e*eer.-t S>tui|ay. it T oiclork, Krom Beiderperta p-eer Hurra
will be forwarded Ay lire iloomtniiic Railroad SiWnllV
imiD |7J mile*) lo lodij*, thrnrcto lhatli'm (77 mil'i) by
rug* aud tli'ur* to A imio I jo milea) by Albany aatl.Boatun
KtrfVrnaAarri.fnfal llTVhr i A NT
nJ- TV It-, r .*<1 ear nrewr II warmed by atnrer.
Ki-r manryr .ir..f??iptik<apidv On hoard of tlx boat or at f he
koik Hmix, N?> I CiMrtnnilt alreet, where ticlteU aiwhr
|MMMA j5 lm
- \HX V >1 VU'MK I'A VI': ' '
-?c-n OA III'UUNUMT fc dJO.'S NEW YORK
J IAMI SI'HINUKUtLD TACKA*IB ' EXTT
^ Vi ' PF' ! ,ia. Near Harrn nml-INiHbid ;
Office J W-|l atrtel. Nm YorU; . I.>i ii- tree,. H Tlfiill Tlieaubacnber*
will ran a Parkas* (Jar. under the flare of an
ag?ut.by ifie alt-wjueU tram. for ib? i mil i i aanmit iwaibai i i
oTerery (Itgctiutiot ifloic-e. biindlri sample, jgnudt, banknote*,
sjiecir. ki: ;,|fceW<I VllLabo V' n ltei*{d*1 (torI
street. Nm*. \Xb>K. jurd, Jiwwaidvl lo Nnrwaub. Wirrb*ae?r,
Haaton, ItSrlflnt NSw fiiren, S j>r i i ig li e (jh PbiCoie I I'll i- -I linior-.'W-iniiigtori,
SjdijiV X-<>w,eJi. PurTajQ rutlj Moi,,I'ort
I iud. Hollow A . Ai g^ieP", Baugur,and all the prtucApglt a^lrr"
doH urujwjM.
All ixrK'gro ?li"uld le marked care of jtfirrlbix
Ex/reaa. Luige parka* ci U ill Ne i.dllc.il for, 1/iu^ULjfhi \^y>a
moAot.
Particular attention will be paid to collecting anil paying
lira tx. iiutci feftlt*-, i iirchnu #>fe good* on in! the aWute n*uieU
I 1 . . - Hurlburt
8c Co. or their *e?ut, will eouaUuMy tcronrmjiiiy,
ani hncc itic #-tt loirtrc care *iu) ntiirttrfy of iHfrn-^trlcalfrrarg,
aiiii wML b? r*upMisil?fe for *hc ffD*d* carried tarorJtotifeftd
for tt? by JoM,bs .are.am *
J. IirKLUUKT, ,.r~:n ? _.
Si State itrret, Hartford, ft.
J. HUKLBVRT.
jA .AA!(?^ ?#WN.
- ajae) j?\ ' HA'lUf- t l.VHC t*b" At UANY ANU'tltkS
(fCr^L^>T()N.?Tlwut1*h NewH.rwi, Hartlord^thd
"asr -tyri f a-ao y;xe war Dollar*/- >*> -a"'
P-n-eiiBer- mav leare,{>**,?ofk.by rleainer* NEW YORK
aud KU*l(lUyKU *'ttlyrsi>,',i''ack-aMlA *11 A.JIV vrtxe
at N/? lta?iji t >.? ' l>wf T'i, thence by ra^Jroad (6 lU^lloul
aud affile Moiti-iVl, i GL/V "'lire a tag re ore iu r?atliue? 1o
lake tlxui (Af pr. ^e'jT.aunl hj-riee at. aNiijt 7 f. M, talodge
Leave Springn"'iiaf7 X. NT., by raUrogd lor Bo auha or ^AJJiguy
and arnee ateBl'i/ ilyet^naliou af hopb. ..
HetMU'iigDy aameeourrrattce.leateAlDAtiy.or Bu?fou al 7
A M .lodge 4f Martford, and arriae krNew VorY oetweifu. 'J
aud s P. AL f?rlloiVliu< dgy. . , - ( . ...
' U'rijvdUeAi.giv aaailferl that tnia line win be t;?nUui)r^ Wi1*1
out intrrruytion throiu;li iheieaiy.u. ynil. tne yryi'rV(drj, w||l
u-e heir uffnnet Werflon to make the route ^liy
tablr apd tdr jigauLnf any for the wuiler,-. ' u dal.S^
Xv\v \Itn VrvalYrn.nJ.?J.a.'.l tv?
wJF$VYm*' LilMra-Jiosiiivrly First Regular Packet?To
kEuBfs'aiTon the linn inst ?The splendid and fW. sailing
r?-ne. ahm i?UAUBA. Cspt Muiford. wall positively setl as
above, her regular day. Knr freight or passage, h-ninciSlden
didly liennslKtl .kco<>mm?<ki>tuM, apphg ?u, board a*i (lslsaus
wharf, fool ol Wall street, or to K. K. COL LI.N tvtk-to.
. , , |fa a i \ ; 6t'PoUtil al'OCt.
Passengers will please be on beard, at Orleans ?liut loutaif
Wall s'rrei. us .Hfuwlay, Hith Hist at. s o'clock,. vibe* It <
steamboat Hercules will take the aliip to ec* .1
U'eil'CarcMriii.be talifluto hare the goods J*y tkia lis* cor
eetly measured. "
Agent 10 Nrw Orleme. J*a ? Woodruff, wktswill j*M,ptly
forward all go?d* 10 nis address. > ' - no .
The p?'Jcrt/?lup LOU1SVJ Lbh. Captain H.Hunit wtU ffneceed
the Louisa. and aail the 20th hist., her regulardag-oil'
rae.W Llfdt'VF LIVERPOOL PAUkltfHRegular
packet of the lulls Jan.?The sptCMlid packet
jBQfct-hifAttni'HkiRNKR, tapt A S.PWnncr, aktll'aail
a* . bore, hyr regular day, ??
'I tie ?lufw of,this free are a If 1?00 'on# hurthee andovei.
and their acrommodalioua for cabin, eeeonil cabin, and ?lu**(e
passenger*, it ia See-ll known erl superior let wsy-otlvdr find of
packet# Persons desirous of ?ecurmg bertha, should nOWMl
to in ajs*-early app?ir*tioo'lo ' -> ? 1 '
Writ J. V.TAPBOOTT,4??oath?tvsrt.
> ?## e.itwert+.uieemenr Inae.net? Pickwlip.
Personadeairoua of --ni'yg t ~r " I'm 11 la can hare 1 hem
brought cut by thia favorite shui,. #r any. *tljer hue. Sjtthng
frotnLirerpool weekly and ou favorable terina. DraTls for
any amount, payable tfrflte National aha Provincial Hants of
Ireland apd their Branches; ou Mows J#mes Rrelu'votf fc.Cn.
Bankers, London: Exchange aiid Discount Bank. Liverpool:
which at* payable in sfl the principal town* of Ihe tJnfWd
Kin. do n; can he had by apply lug at Tapscotkfe Qakril Pa#
sage Office, ?? Squth strret. . . ... jf
' A**- '''PXsiiiUiK* kOW! CONUON.?PiwAei lu,l, JaISr.
MKVkV ary?Ti e gplen-id fa?t sailing packet shut UJXkJSfiskwaTllEAL.Capt.
Tinker, nils positively a*at>uvg,,her
regular day.
This ship ha* splendid acfommedations for cabin, secoudi
rabin and steeratc p-ssengcrs. K6r passage, early application
. should be made, to. .. .. 1 , . . 1., 1
W. It J. T. TAPSCOTT, 49 fiouth-stresl. t
_jT ?. a OS -a?ea- ? _ #r 44 Peck silip. |
tiEjc- nPASjSA.mt jfOR NEW ORLJtANM?Onlyi
l/HWy Regular hiuv?The splendid well known fa?t Miton
Mat packet ship tons A, CapC Mulford.saiU positively
ou Iff Ih January, her regular day. ..... I.
The ships of O^jj .Cnye sail trirv five. days, or passage free.
Having superior .ecoitnnojations for cabiu. second cabin aud
Steerage passen era, #4 tbd' lowest rate*.. For passage, early
apuitraTlOu slimflt! be tnide on board, at Murray'a WlitrC f#ot
of \V?tl strdet.bx to W. It J T. TAPSCOTT.'
jl " ' % 49 9r iith'fttrret. Of 43 TVfji *!io.
"A*Ar"KJR?bT fAT KLT Skdll' HJK I.UAUt>A-^o
SlWWsail outhe 10th iiAt ?The tnia:riorfast#*ilintnaoket
MuNTREIi.. Cajit 1 inker, will sail positively
a# abute, ner r< gular day; can acemnmodate second cabwi
aud lei-rage pas^engess ? a ctunfiutablr. otanner.iT early application
is made on board the shin, at the foot of riucjtre> t,
or to ,
it . . JOHN HEUDMAN, 61 Southst.
AAa: PASSAGE For ?AVAN.NAM.-pPtiet- Pack
Bjym?i.? i ii? - ntuvimiii prcin ony r..^n.v. i* TjBfiain
j9x3Jlilm* Jnhinon eail? t?'?iiiTely ?< abnod
Thin vtesr.l Iwu eplein'ld '(Hwinmlitioii for caki?. Mcond
cabin KU'l ateer-ayr pafaenperf, Kor pasoage carty applKa
tioq ahnuld be and* lo- _
W. k'J. T. TArw:OTT. 4? gonlMrcd,
it .? *? Pocfc Jap.
mhe- KOH J^JStEfT??*l'h? ?plcnifi5 p*ekci~'ftip
y*WV<;HK.AI BR!TAiN,C?pt Prosl, witl br ifr?i>*tchflHjiWLr^lor
Mnhi'p nn Tufailny. mli ifirt. " "
Sk"- Uaaaitmur stComnnydaliotia for cabiti. *nd w?m
and?teerecr |M??eiT|CTr, UelinW'11 toeTaken at tHi lowaat r^trr.
AihiIv on boatM the aWhi, ?t Pint ?i>e*f wharf, nMi
W. k J. T. TAPSCUTT. 41 South i.trrctr
Jf 4 _ _____ ' _ %nr <3 Pocji alii'JAtr
PATRK I'S Koft. ft AY Kti ?9?e <nd CYn7.? l'r >
?f*W.M?<Tli|l HT." Iff' Ol. AS. J. B. Pelf, raster, Will
cMkdKLaaH ou the I?t of February. .
' BOYD k HINCltF.N; Aernu,
i C No 9 Tkihtine BniMiitc
W^Ttrcfcf.^K neprtko k< ullemei?,?r to a urutii
III m? arid ti'H wile, a f.irnieheii room, wfHi an v? ifhout? |
itlML parlor, and aprifilette in kitchrn. Airily 93 White,!
. ,
?<*tA TO I.KT?Two comfortable rflicen In store No 61
. rj Smith atrert, alot iinrm ill ite i*i?ae??ioii fiTen,"bT ypplyui(t
to JOHN IiK.RDMAN mi ihe prempn-a
All'.atocapc can helmd nn at plication a? thofc. )i
A COUNTRY, RESIDENCE WAN I KB?Wantcd
to hire, on or berore the I at of April nn', a f minify re idencr.
aotmir,', within 70 itiilea "f Naw York, wi h t
farm of fnim to to tiv arret attached One ootnkiBtdiiii; a
water tif? iiceferrtdf Addrean A L. M . l*r. owl? ?t' X?w
Kochtllc, Wealeheaur County, (port office) .a. Y..ci*tiR a
dt m rii'liun nf the aremipi jOfa*
ft THREE DOLLAR HATS! THHEEDOLLAR
^^HATS !e-Juat li|ii?hcd. the moat eptrudid arlirle..e?er offered
to inililic. UlifcaUt ahort nvt moh-fl-in Half at Sic
low price of 73 AUIf an article at $2 M, equal iu durability
and fmire to thpae lommogiy anld at $'J .
dtp I'm* BROWN, Practical Hattei^ltkran-^r
iS. POO LOST?h iV K, UOkl.AMS I4K a "!)-, '
\W| Loot, laat wnk,from Nil. IlkLib rtv itreel anmll
11 Tl leinale-ttnawial. of tb< kll( (Allleit ?r? tl. havirj
w liite hail, hi laJo yellow ear*, anil atter'of the fame Color
111! the head and a larite cheftnnt hrown ?|<it ni'te the-tail,
whiihif Toy bothy. She anewrrt to ike name clt..?a
Whoever shall rrluru aai 1 d R tn the above l amed) lite,
hall receive tli. aboer reward, a ith the thanka of Heeoftiirr.
TKN DtUeLARs KKWAHU -Lo#t or ftolerf,
on Monday afternoon. 31 January, a white leinale
hull terrier pin-, with a Mark rirn round her left eye.
ick fit t n lief kick, anawtra to the name of Vic.
Whoa-'i vei ?ill r'lnrf her to No. ft Weal lttt, ?tr. et will
reccte* Mm ahin r re ward-, , j6.'.t*
ft - i KOH BALK CHEAP?A Brat rat* bafr Uoewe,
L?nf^eert tail and a very deeirante family Horae. with
' 1 \ r Waaeiti and Harnea*. th be ?oM tefy ehitji; Th be
eww nt rwwera ttabln. 437 Htwt?4onitT*ek..i??r Ifrisbdway '
14 St_ ' '
/yAl llAI. II MSHMKNT OK l RIMl\AL.*v^<4ue*) \
' Dira not human I-ftia'atlon treiucrnd the |n> er deterted
by the Almtfhty.na intun principle*,by mtlH?IbWi
./ur4tw emjn il : i"'me it of orimlnala itlbki CM* I
Thetlhe anhjeet nf the c ptal inn laliment nf rri|Moal? ha>
Likciadrvp ro >i in 'he pnnl mmj for tereral year* iwafmut
ytly la ti-ih Inn aleo in oilier collDtine, i? u, w aiJf.i-jvni ly
evi rutedtlJ Wi", It nnderatond be shortly IwobfLI be'fore
ihe l.rciflatiire of thi| State lia lot inoat urate w)ttn >m ,
mainter, pud iu I he iT?ual Krin of fctilioO in order thab tl e
c( !??? may not b laarn by rurpriee when Hit r itiiuaHi ee
i e olicikal 'li' ?.uU)7f t is o.he hroupht bcloreib- pdbnc in
iipe pf moif UIMUrt.4 10 tar Bf anWay l'ah>rn-cl? Ihtllral to
licdi liecr?jonjiilurdaft?tniUf;. January 9.1942. acpl y/'umh-r
the lto.1 t/eo.*VTl)*iri.WTl).r.d Pa d Bt-an. U.raii b,
oMvui"!f?r ihc f"jit (t<Sduy, tJ?? C'omnvutee ?eill peinrll lo
e.tnie l)wj rvii.hf.ofV?wt "On r popular ttciurer.Vi thai itic
Jiublir tivnl ( gf no (linM'lAv t^'Wnt i .. e , ^
.Adm (nop .J i ciitj,. Tielyait to be h ?d al the dtpor. p?
me re hall*paw 1 ovroen . ' . , ., . . a. ..
T'O i.hfTIf-f newleiec to in'uttn 111 f.?ki iq1M> 'di it.,
* tatr ft, tmt I'hfei redueetl tlid1 p-irrt nf iny fnitlee
laena'oe rn-rntape rliildtru'a ra, . ?ear f.Mid blye.'bll o
'h? Aneri ?re>l; and , f la- lite/t' ta<hiopi sod Wuu them tt
honor nie with llieir i Ua mtaic vhlita. T.,
Alpi dcatcriMdep and lay* y vimd*. aod uulbkevy m il ,
/lad u lo lixar. adeai.laae In y?t om a rail.a# I *Uit In ?ell o
tlwwl, 'le at lick wi.ieu I haee no in ml aeulcmfMe lamotkey'
bmdojtia.ll,^.. A! 1,1 all S W i Vlt, AfTli.
F n- alo R...
1? \Hii\l\' or.lrr.Tt X,. ?u.. T,'.^ t^iSl . una...,.
I'th-ub.crib' ?ill *?U ?t aunt tin lb* pitnniu*-?p u,*
Ulhdt :*rr>d*y-*r?t ?, u VI..K, *., ,V L^TrfHr.tikkfaTtr*
<?.l?? ".'ftjry -fW^rrt. in, r; *>r t'*?, UtiUt?fl'
midway ??' *? ** rib ll.au nut ft.niiiu.| bn tl>?
in lit toad liTobft tVtWO pUc?*,'li nt?U,t b* t>b ftrnn of
Hit V H.m and ft orf1 Vlttidfri r' ; f >.)< , ore ,. ?,v3
um. Kor t articular* ?* Loi'd Mmi.I 1) n?-r t T>t,? b*|| il,.
mount ?'it rrmam 5b a UO'und m rlgim* ?l Ja?t vit?r.-.l
niiijutMof JS't ft ftl'ofM Kits,
j4 ?!*? ? * "?l> J 4' ? Kt-rnli*. " at
uOi'L'L vK Mr.Ult iSr. ? 1 ii.'ii. ? t ..i.iiH.ituia"WtltSbi' ?r
r i ttkmu* and Hams' "tt ?. a r*rbnn. a|?.-i?iwt u,mi nlTtrt
ml ?rnwtl> r?*t"1i?e??u?i?J-fur lb" for. >?f p.*i??rt>ir i.ttr*>
ttrM lura*. altita*, |.?iii? in tit* bank and I.*1>1 nritMnjH * rnk
.. vtifttniM of I. tM.laapUi frnvtl, to. rTiuHf rppttra*
Onr (oronimciKUtiow UM* priaM-atiou r?j >p# ttvrr all rfllv r.
it it* ami p.MV?l* lu ti*i pot up tt. in1*. tl?* ino.U in whit h it
?i|T h* tnk'0 b'iftlt bof'i *P*V aod plruanl.it* t?*t?lr?? tiattirr
. rli fto ItitltCMH <11*1 or CotiiiKinrnl frinn dniik hiKiiiraa.
rr??,?H?r* r'pnVl'v wpuM Pod tin* nvnlfcin* lliynly l#*fiil
' .id oogtn Miff t i V* uiiproTttled with * prrp-n ill <n MM**m
in|| |Ik ad fail t a?r* n lu.r ttl* |.r*?rnt ?tl? roiul |U?J 1.1. 1 wr.l
if J. II llwttu.thrmt.1, t.cin ii'b an.I Tor lit* wTinlatalr u>.
..tnrit.ftT lituira Itrnut *M <lr?*t.?lrh *tr?*l. T.'.nu ,4 IV
m: S.n?1i?rd k.kl'ilot.,1 Park How, ulm broad braf fd.rbl*
*1* ftrt.ada.ar ' nop tin'
ijA'- fti.r ft tifr *tl afft'af rl. ibK ?t? OnV'.i.1ft
I l'?.?n c r* li) lltnihtp ?tllwrui' I* Ml burl, it (Jrtim
I.art. foot ..f tdlVkatrrnt, Tbo rwi* at It M. x ?Miitn?.
h tt?rra.*?*"u* Mabr t*>> *Hf 1' ~ **
I -a XU-Al 'fblip^vlil.u i? J. I .u1l|ufl|ll?u.')|bp-/^ta9'
m*V 4 'UM K* ColLI.\\A <7Q:. M K?t4l||ti
?' i * . '? ?' '1
' '" ! I'* -iHi*''
... ... - ; ' v. vr i'
PAKK Tit KA I'M IC
THIS EVENING, Jan. 8?The pcrformaiica will comaieue*
Wllil
* ' WHAT WILL THE WORLD HA fl ?
LonUSarAttod "' Birry | dipt Tarrad.ddle Placid#
>*? Luehmaa
To be followed by
fcL J A.LKO DK *? KK9.
, . * 4 e - <MI Ta coucludr h jih
J. * . . ? I'AST TEN O/LOCK
t)o7.ev" Willidin* | Sam S^olb Chippendale
l.ncjr Mim Cnahmau
, UjQra 81 ?Pit SO cent*?Gallery IS cent*.
' I'or* open at Si. | erfonnauce coimnrurea at 7 o'clock
<l>< UHaVHAI I'll SCAT UA..
THIS EVENING. Jan 8?The performance* will conmenc*
c* " with the Eu'leetriaii Siwctaclcif
EL HYDER.
CtHydrr > ? Scolt | Mat Mmn Kcrby
Harry Clifton Mr* Tlioroe
> After which.
MAZEPI'A !
laarpna, <- Mr Kirby | Abder Khan, Mr Lrwellen
/ Jina. ' Mr* Tlioroe
'? ' Tnconclude with
THE BATTLE OK NEW ORLEANS.
' fwie* S*WMit*,*a and (d turn*, Pit ia( .ualiery iti
Door* open at 8|: Curtain riae* at Tj preciarly
tdTCHKLL'S OLYMPIC TIlKATlth
<THIS EVENING, Jan. 8?The performance will eonmeace
with
THE TURNED HEAD.
i Mitchell I Laura, Mils Sioyletoo
tw." ;v r- To brl'ollowrd b?
o? STARS AT THE ASTOR.
Apollo, Mitclirll I Jiido Mr* Timm
Alter \\ Inch,
ito n : THE PARSON'S NOSE.
iMe Bubb M itc) ell | Madeline Mra Timm
? To conelude with
THE QHEEN'8 OWN.
I/ant Sintiwervile Hoiucaatle | William Hiilinga Graham
LaunJla Miaa Siugletou
Athhfailob?Dreaacircle 50ceuln. Upper Doiea 'ja cents. Pi
ttt cent?, i Private boaea *f>
Uoura open at half pant an. Curtain riaea at aevan.
w4 (HOWKKV ASII'IIITHKATUK.
.. ATo :r7 flowery.
Tftla EtlRMNO. Jan. 6?The performance will commence
aiiijlifl aftEAT SUCCESS OF MR. TURNER.
Tlit performance to commence >?ilh a grand eutrei, entitled
' r v " ' STAR ENTREE.
: fccaU of lUiraemaii.lnp by T V Turner
N, gro dguciiig by the uurivalled Maater Diamond,
fjrl'atida will introduce an unpeeing Eijueatriau Act.
'TiiT'lnp by the whole company
Maeler Rivera', wlioae wonderful performances defy dea
'flforaenianahip by Mr. Buckley.
A't.iaiciSiintf by Mr Booth.
The celebraled Kivrra Family go through their much ail'
mi red feaU of Uyinuaeia.
tz 11 oi ..;.e To conclude with
. , OLD DAME TROT.
Thirtbg the Evening a variety of otter entertainment*.
UaHidtup^u at Of?performance corammcea at 7.
Fines 50 cents. I'll *5 cnila.
T>h?ailhaiaM belonging to the Zoological Inalitute, will be
uttieti fur <ihi|)itiou duy,uig the holidaya. Eutrauce No. 17, in
Ihryhti'e-at. Admiaaum 95 c? lita.
k!i: "^isw ARCADIAN GARDEN,
a ai " ' JVo.! 265 Blrrrker street
,i (lhairr the.direi tlou of Mr. H. ROCKWELL )
Xillb EVENING, Jan. 3? The entertaiuinenta will coin
* " metier with a grand
WALTZ AND STAR ENTREE!
I.ed by Mra. Uulliu and H. Rockwell.
''? POLISH UROTHERS. by Mr.Rieley and kia Son.
, AcjT.OF HORSEMANSHIP, hy Meter Mtepneiie.
Comic SOUK, Mr. T.<5. Booth: Juggling, Plate Spluniug, kc,
i > i by Mr C. Manila.
. Faaldpnahle Mouatroaitiea, by Mr. C Saudi.
The TJodilees Diana, by Mr O. Stone.
Negro Melodies, by Billy Whitlork and hie Bali jo.
Ole Wirgiuny Breakdowue, by Mailer Diamond
<?r*kd'+!thiopian Trio, by Master Diamond, Whitlock. and
T. ?. Bboth
The Atuaxoaian Maid, by Mra Gullin
Mr Sciiei will appear in the characte r of an Indian Hunter
to conclude with a Laughable Alterpiece.
' Dryur?. th>?u at a quarter |iait 6; performance to commenca
at f. Boathe M) cei ta. pit'j5 centa.
, Vl.'.V, AMERICAN Ml'SKl IU,
tea ? Cwner Uroadrcay and Ann street.
Manager and Director, Mr. P. T. Barnnm.
J The ptppager haa pleaaure id anuounciog that ke haa effected
*u engag) nieut with the celebrated and accotr {dished danaeuse
Nliaa MC Williamj. favorably known throughout the Uuittd
StafmWhl Canadaa, as La Petite Celeate.
A large company of Indian Wa'riora and their Squaws, will
eihibit their unapproachable and i xtranrdinary pantomimic
represcnTalioii of the MURDER OF MISS Mc' KEA
i -'They aritl alao go through avariety ofttrnfic performances
Ai^with Mr JENKINS, the celebrated tenor amger and
delineator of Yankee cecrutricitiea. Anil likcwiae with the
renewed ALBINO LADY.
Bicnor Marnotte will nhibit the wonderful and beautiful
ITAtfTAN FANTOCCINI,
' TKeapleudid COSVJUKAAIA wm entirely charged on tlie
tat of January, aud will be changed regularly on the firetol
everjr inouth
' FVtucipals bf School* and their pupil* admitted on liberal
Admittance to tftH Mmeum and all the entertainment*. 23
:enie. Children under 10 year* of age half price. ji
7 MUSIC.
[l/fE8SR8. SCHNEIDER k llEBHt'N, director:
"A bfthffwell known German Band, beg leave to iuforn
die fashionable ao-iety nf New York, and iu vicinity, thatheir
lull Mid effective Band, consisting of twenty uiatcuinen
taf performer*. ia now ready to attend private partiea, aoireea
!|Cv?TUr.y hare all the lateat and moat popular Walive*, Co
tiUlone aud Galop* of the celebrated compoaera, Laaner
Stranea add Labitiby. and will attend either with two inatru
meat*, vis:. Violin and Pianoforte, or any number that may b?
required All lavort will be promptly atteude" to by apply
tug at Mr, FRANT/KEE'9 I1 ur Store, aw Broadway, when
, bailie* aud Gentlemen are requested to luapect the moat aideti
did aaaprtipent of F< ra, Skiua, Cape and Kobe*, earer offered
in the city of New York. mtt 3nna*
MUSIC.
Yff E8SR.S. O. WEISS h GRAHM, membera oI the Gar
i'l man Muaical Society, beg leave to inform lit* laahion
able Socialy ol New York and iu vicinity that fcrw have
fornreda full and effective baud of luatrtunentai performer*.ol
twenty in aurober. if required. They have all the faaliiouaU'
new Walter, Galops, and Cotillion, of the celebrated eompolerv.
Strauss, banner. Laliiizky, Muaard and other enuneal
professor*, and hold them.elven in readme.* to attend private
partiea, aoireea. ttc. They will attend with two instrument*,
"violin Mid piano forte, aud any additional number Ihat may b.
'Vequlred. Favor* will be promptly attended I* by aiqdymy at
the MOaic store No. 413| Broadway,and ai their result nc*-a No.
"Zl Delancy alreet. yl |m
WHITWELL S OPODELDOC, which ia conanlered bj
. ' ' the tirat Pliyaicii'ua in >he U. S. to b- the n-ry beat com
, povttioa iii exiateuce for Rteumatism. Sprain*. Chilblains.
Chopped II Hid., Cramp, Nuinbti'sa, Weakness af Lin he, etc.
N B. It ia three time, the strength of any other kind. Be
, sure and ask for WhitweU'j Opoda doc. and receive no oteer
unites you wwh to prove the truth of the remark that
" I'leaaiire ia a* great
Of being cheated as to cheat.
Oljt- Trire 35 cent*.
Sold at Wholesale and Retail by A.B it D. Sanda, Drug
gists, l? -*un mu r unoii mraei i uiviu -vauus aiiu i. o., .ao
TT Ea?t Broadway ; Abc'in B. Band* k Co.. iNo. WJ Broad
way, corner of Chamber street. Also for sale as above, th?
"AROMATIC BNUFF," for Headache and Catarrh, composed
principally of route, shrubs,and rtnaWMI by l)r
Waterhouse, late Professor of CambriJge University.
rnc-fl rrute. dtl 4tie*wl0w
B' TLLH"OK THE BBNNINOrON. Houeatoinc lCadrSau.
Buffalo, and all the safety fund banks, alsa St Lawrrurc
Olean.and all the Iree or n d bar k banka in thia State taken at
pur for rlolhn, eassitneres, Testings, flannels,kc. at ike loweaf
cash price stfgl Greenwich slreei. near Canal dtt line*
A/OiVK Y TO 7.A;,V//.
ABRAHAM J. JA< KBON. Pawnbroker,SD Keadc at.-eat
near Broadway, loaua money in large or small sums, al
mav he required, on pers pro ilorrit ?| >na ?<
HI I. I.I A MPS?OTIS FIKLb willle happy i i a rail iroin
liia friemla al Baaaforn'a Billiard Knom , o\e- the t'limai
Eating Hous?. where are r pht splendid tables, with alate and
marble lirda. India ruhbr r. cloth, and spring atrel cushions?
Iron and mah iganv frames.
Entrance 149 r ultonatreet, aud 11 Ann street. Tables and
cloths fiw aalr. ji I m*
SUPERFINE DRESS COATS
r tni
BEST If li A I.I r V ,
aoth aa to workman*'-ip ard materials, lor TvVKNTY FOCI
DOLLARS ; also. Pantaloons Yso UoBars,at PHILIPS Cwl
Vailormc eatabliahmant,
141 Broadway.
N B ?The aboTaKarn.entaaregJiarartcadto beapcti taara
rj reeiwrt to thoae made by the most npeueivs hoiise.t . m.
e.ty. Thiaia no empty r?iiaranti e, bill one that the sdrsrtw I
stadyet liinselftofulfil Garmenraofeacondaryitnality prom
Ronald' tower. Iw
t'h E r it in cfTLta of mutual insurance,
roMsism Willi a stop* capital. bt thi
TACKSON MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY of the
D city of New York ?Capital Stock $300,1100 ? Thia Company
haviig by a unanimous vole of the Board ol Director*, an J tne
w rittrn consent of a very large majirity r.f tlie stockholders,
fcdopted a bye-law, to take effect on the first of January nevt,
thai after the payment t<> th stockholders of an annual interest
of seven per cent on tie amount of their capital stock, out
vi* the interest accruing on the itivrntmi tit of s oil capital slock,
ttid the premiun s received by the said company, the b dance
>f net profits shall lie invested in a Safety Fund, to be set
if-Srl and separate (r m the other lundt of the company;
hiirli fund shall belong to the stork holders of saidci mpiny,
and the pcrs-o* and firms who shall have paid the premiums
1 aihfpnsirg said profits, slid lor * Inch a ri rt firate may be isnied
trai.sterable on the hocks of the company which eel'fixate
will entitle the holder thereof to the interrst annually,
hat nil V he made on the invrstmrnt of said fund?thus gtviLg
he pat lies making insurance at this other all the advantages
uorivert from the Mutual Principle. ami giving a!?o the additional
sc urtty furnished by the eay ital stock of the company.
The rates of premium will be as favorable as that of at%
other coo patty.
DIRECTOR*.
Simhon Baldwin, C. Winthrop Gray,
'* JuttiS Marrtsi n, Charles Knerlaud,
*" Sfkn. W. Todd, Edward Bcmrnt,
Jose|di Foulkr, Jr. Samuel Byerly,
Robert H. Met urjy, John B Lasila,
Russell Str bbius, Samuel I.. Mitchell,
Wm Augustus While, Henry W. Rsrstow,
Jasper Grosvci or, Geo-ge Collins,
An'h mv B Neilson, George F. Thomas,
Ansou G. Phelps, Silas K. Everett,
Ck.rles Biugiere, Thomas W. Gale.
.JainefG. Stacey, Thomas P. Sianton,
Dfunu Perkins, I,-tlirop I. Stars is.
RIMK"n BALDWIN. Preside ?.
1 JUSTUS HARRISON. Vice President.
ftl.l.tam W. Piastre, Secretary.
A stalen ent showing the invrslments of tlie eapital strrk,
/s I beopsst far thi inspection of any ptrson wishing to do bois-.a
with the Company. dai 1m*
' TO THI? LADIBS.
IffiBAMK COSTELLO, Female Physician, stdl enuiin
III Ms-to treat wtUi astonishing sucs-ist all diseases peeulisr
tglksialsi.
BUpptrssinn, Irregularity. obstnicti.vn kc, hy whatever
i ??i?e produced,can be removed hy Madame C. in a very short
Madamr C's mrdiral establishment haling undergone thor
Anglo repair < Mm irw in* i?*ir r Nrrnininoflv inn r!
1wT nmneriMia patient*, ah* inw* | r*i-a? d In r*ei i*r Uilir# on
-the pomf "I oonftnamrtit or thoa* who wuh (o l?? treated for
obntni-tint, of their monthly period.
\in.Urnr C for he c wmltrd at her reaidfnee. No 94 Liip*
nard atrrot, at nil twneaatid with tlw air*!**! ray ird to aeereey
All communication* ynd let I*'a mnat b* po<t raid dlttm*
A lit KM. I ars- IOTaNH At, fU.Ls. l.tl i he unto r
* ? tujata rekl manured, that three i? no ???'ration in aaai rtiuttKaae
nlla to k* aypoedy aivl radirjI rurr tor vVHorthcaa.
i"i?tr. Irritation of Itidneva. Ac. They were for aeveraf
T?t a.pre?< nh?d by th* celebrated Aheruethy. iu allatayet ofih?
?i?ir , In th* firat alayea on* hoi in Mljlir milhri'ni
tnrffrrt a rurr in a few day*. In lout protracted ehro,uic
atanti. ohatnrttr tlrrta, hc9 in* y ara equally certain ha*{
ny eurrd hundred, *l,n had been takiar other medicine# for
monthr.? hicli i?iKlr<t umrt to diatrnj llir entittltiilinu >' in
Ueoee Hotm wt Tbrp neeer l? a?* the part* auhjerl to th*
irot>bl*#omr uraknraa winch at frrqi*tiljy nacur, after tak
,, > 1 .othtr medii me*. Tjlwj |> <i r no uapleaaant ta#t* oramrll,
ir? h*?tahiay tfcem miyhl frequent th? mont rtined tooety
nfihont haru.y th*ir miaforiunr* atwpee'.ed Thav ar* ton
|mn*<l *ntir*l> ol i.MrUhle uiyre-dirn't whi h inncorate Ike
?T*t*m yenrrally. Vor tal* only ui New York, by Wm. Watmo.
Amnheearle* Halb M Catfwnn. .tr-el, and ui Biunklyn
Fiilfon ,|a imi
'fOtl 000 ^iwwia Manra, let quality.
1 \JVJ,\t\Jy lon.ooo Par*( rtincipa do. undine from ohip
Wrm*. and for aal* k?
nitn M.RADKH 4tC ?L tflft
v'< t> ;V\5?
1 "
ISLAND OF CUBA.
To (Invalid* and perauua of delicate health who viiit thu
Inland.
r Havana, Hth Dee, 1841.
IT baa long beru a maltrr of regret to ihe inhabitanta of Una
city, that on the arrival if ibvalida from the fniied blatea.
with letter* ot introduction, it hascever bcru in their powei
to recommend them a auitabie iraidrucr in the cuuutry. If
ha*, therefore, been ncctnarv forauch persona, either to
up th*ir abode in ihe to ela in lown. r. here the uoiae and bu#?
lie of a crow<l*d city.and Ihe want of the pure atinnather*
and calm retirement of a country life prevent their deriving
that benefit, from Ihe chatigr of climate, which they naturally
i xpect, or the y are com|>elled to go to place* in Ihe country,
wlitn no adequate prepaiatinu ha* been made for receiviug
them, and where the xpar'mrul*, accointnodaiiunr, and man*
tier of living are in no wiae calculated for persona in a delicate
atate of health.
Krom adue consideration of thi* want, and of the great benefit
that would be derived by invalid* who acek to regain
their health in the initd and Beneficent climate of I'uha, if a
suitable ab-de ahould be provided forthein, the aiilia liber,
a medical practitioner, long e*t*bli.hed lu tlab* city, ha* appropriated
hi* beautiful coffee cat te.called the Bueua Kaperatita,
ailuat d in the moat healthy and rinanti'r part ol the
country,ao aa to form a reaidence equally agreeable and attractive.
(u order'to carry out tliia iu entiou to the fulleat < vtent
that prol'eaaioiial know ledge and a long experience if the effect!
of tropical climate* could attain, no pain* have br-n
spared to loriu an eataolikhmrnl, which affords to thr invalid
aa well aa to thr healthy visiter. every ratioual e' joy inrnt that j
can be dented from dwelling in thr mildeat climate, aorronnd- i
eu oy me moat pn tureaiiue vegetal ion. * ?' ground urn out in
the brautifulatyleof ae-flre eatate, coovpriae about five hundred
acre*. The Uuei a Faperanza la ailualed on the aouth
aide of the lalaud. and ia tliua, in a great inmu-e, aheltered
from the chilly winda which now aud then blow from the
north, during the winter montha. The diatrict m which it
lira haa been,from ila eatreme beauty, termed the Witnlaoa
of Cuba. The hourr h<a been built with erery attrnliMii In
theae comfort* aoindiapetuatde to uivalida, and of which the
bnildiigaof thie coentry are ao deatitr.te. Ail the room* have
boarded floor* and gl-at window*. The eitabliahinrnt i* on
the footing of that ol a private family, of which the gueata
lorra part, making thauinelve* quite at home, and without beiug
confined to tnoce regulation* which are neceaaary at hotel*.
la thi*e>tabliehmeut the iuraliil ha* it in hi* [owrr to
vary hi* ammemeLt* bv walking in the (hady avenue* of
mango and palmtreii, ridinit on borvtb.ick or in rolautr, visiting
the beigliboriug eatiitea, *<) thickly ipread thr ugh the
popnlou*country A large *ugar e*latr,cloae at haud, alforU*
.(U opportunity of drinking the hot cauc juice, while the surrounding
wood* furuitb ainuaem- ut to the sportsman.
The aubicriber'a nuinerou* family reaidt* constantly oil tht
premier*.
The huena F.aperanza i* eiluated about thirty-five mile*
aouth writ of Havana, the route winch croarea a moat lovely
country i* a* follow* From Havana to Brjucal, IS milea on
the railroad?Irotn Brjucal to Burna Kapeianza, 20 mile* on a
carriage road. It occnpiet about fire hour*
By application to the aub-crih- r, at hia reaidrnce in Havana
No *5 O'Keilley at, tlie party cau he forwaidrd to the eatat*
without delay.
All |ier*nu* aptdytng arc expected, if not previonaly known,
to bring mi uitruduclua from iome rcapectable mrrcaulllt
houae of thi* city.
IDWARD FINLAV. M D.
Calle de O'Reilly, No. IS.
I have viaited and anent a ?hnrt time at the eatateof I>r Kin
lay, d acribed in the above letter, and moat folly concur in
every (lateinent there made aa ti the Buena Eaperanza. It it
uot turpaaard fur be-uty of acrneiv and a healthy location by
any place which I hare verti in Cuba, ami the numrrou* fa- ily
of Dr. Kinlay moat agreeable and hitell ctual, and thr F.nglith
French, aud Spatiiah language*, are all apokeu by iwveral members
of hialtuuily. tsigned)
R. J. WALKER.
In addition to the nhovc testimony from the Hon K J. Walk
er. the diatioguiahed U. 4. Neuator, reference mey he made en
the aubiect to K. <1 Delavau. K*<t of Alban ; J Bloodgond,
Kaq. of Mobile; lietil Talltnadke, ol New York and hia sonin-low,
Mr Van Kenaaelaer, of Albany ; Hon. Judge Boyce.of
Airituuiii! ii<t. <iuu iiiui; a. vvii, ui iici* iuir,
j4 iwillutw*
NOTICE?The aiibicriberi* reducing hm large :ia?irtineni
at unueually lew price*. *uch an mu<t pirate all who wiah
to purcliaae auy article*, either in the laddlery tuid coach buiinear.and
particularly the follow ing article*
Webbing. thread bill*, attrrup*, bell*.
Pateut leather, K clotn. bow*, lamp*, knob*,
Lacta, tack* robe*, bucket*, lunge*. a?le*.
Spring*, catting*, tic. J NO. S. SUMMERS,
j 4 3taw 2iii 130 Water atreet.
(' IIAN'fl MILITARY"AND CIVIC BALL, at Waahiug
"J ton Hall, iu commemoration of tkeglorioua Battle of New
Orle <ua, Jan. 8th, ISI4. The 8th being ou Saturday, tne Ball
will take place on Friday, the 7th January. 1848
Committee of Arrangement*.
Oen H Storm* O'tt Geo P Morri*
Colt'urtu Maj Dan'I ? Del.iran!
Mai L Braided Mai Jeeaup
Major TutHe Capt J L Ewitt
('apt Cornell Capt Domanick
Capt Hema Capt Bradley,
Hon F ATalmage M B Hart
Amo* Leed* ? H Barton
Thotnaa Bell Aaron Butterfield
The Comuilllte pledge themselve* that thi* Ball will begot
up on a acale ofatyle and iplendor worthy of the occaaion.
The aerrice* of Mr Parker hare been procured a* Maater of
Cerenionie*.
Price of ticket* (8, which will admit a gentleman and ladiea,
may be procured of either gentleman of the Committee or at
the Hotel Early application i* neceaiary, a* the number of
ticket* are limited. Danciug will commence at 8 o'clock.
N. B.?Military geulleuieu are particularly requetted to appear
in uniform. d31 eod4t*
OKCO ND hand I RON SAFES, in good order, for aale,
C rery low, at the Iron Cheat Warehouse of
8. C. HERRING,
jt 139 Water atreet.
NOTICE.?The firm of BAlLLk, Ward At CO. I* thu
day diaaolred by mutual content, Laurence A. Mtllandoi
haying withdrawn from it.
8. BAILLY,
Bv AUG. H WARD, Attorney.
AUG*. H. WARD.
LAURENCE A. MILLANDON,
O. D, WARD, Jr.
The remaining partner! w ill continue the bueinex under the
tame firm.
8, BAII-LY.
By AUGS H. WARD, Attorney.
AUG*. H. WARD,
O. D. WARD, Jr.
New York, Dec 31.1841, jl 8w*
P>I8?A8?8 OK THE EVE are attended to by F. H.
J ' DIXON, at 159 Huilnou atreet.?The opcratiou for aqiiinting
gitoi eery little t<ain, and i* invariably auccaafuC Reference*?Robert
VI Morria, Mayor of New York ; Re*. Felia
Varela ; Hou. Jadah Hammond : M. B. Hart, High Sheriff of
New York ; J. J. Mapra. E*1).; Silaa Carle Ik Net hew ; Jam. *
H Hart. M. L). 1 A. ,o. Hunter. M. It. : and twr-ut v-aeven citi
tens operated on by Dr. Die >n. Ofk v hour* from 3 to It A.
\1. Dr. D. attcuds to all other surgical diseases. dl?-3w'
pOi.U LEAF, at J. Garrall'a Kvclory, 343 IVul street
Franklin iijuare, under Hooper's Looking Ulm Stores.
Extra deep g >ld, per pack. $7 v6
Usual cold, do 7 00
I'alegold.do S 28
Deep gold browse, per ox to 00
Pale (told bronae, do 38 0.1
Copter bruoz'S, l>er 01. from ft to 3 00
Two tirst rate moulds for sals. dig |m"
MADAME REST ELL,
F8.MALE PHYSICIAN, Oltiec and residence Its Or. en
wich street, where she ran be consulted with the stnetest
confidence on all complaints incident to the female frame.
Madame Result's mode of Irestinent in all cases of irrrgu
laritr or suppression of those functions of nature upon which
the health of every female depends, is such as is require
but a lew days to effect perfect curs Ladies desiring proper
medical attendance during confinement or other indisposition,
will be accommodated daring such time with private and re
ipeetahle board. "Preventive Powders" for married tidies
whose delicate or precarious health forbids a t?o rapid incresse
of family, wiH be sent bv mail to any pari of the Untied States.
Price *5 a package All latter* (post paid) addressed to 'box
W8, N. Y. city.' wall be received.
Boston Office No. 7 Kssrv s?. d7 lm*
NO 1'lCfc ? The PresnU nt and Directors nt the New York
and .Albany Hail Road Company, intend to apply to the
Legislature of this State, at the en>uiug session, for an amendment,
alteration aud extrusion of the charier of the said com[?ny.
.New|York. Nov. U. I84t. oli law l?
NAKE D'AHABIK-Doctor J. (illANt)Kll, [iroprietor o( I
the Pectoral Candv dr Male d'Arabie lor inlUmmatorv
Ji?ea*e# of the lung* and chest, hoanrmrM. norr throat, aud ail
di?eate* ore di*pomng to C"t)*uniption, with the j roj erty of
clearing trie rftmplriiou ai.il aofiromg the akin.
Sold wholeftaie and rrml. at the office of Dr. J Granger, Ko
54 Amity atreet: alaoatJ. B Dodd'i c?.-.rof Broadway and
Bleecker ?t.; at Mr. Ga*<piet. 303 Broadway, corner of Duane
treet; au.l at Johu B. (tinochio*, 10? Canal ?treet. Aiwtheurir*
and Druggmta, or Cuuntrv merchant* winning to tell
gdiu. will have a discount made of *35 per cent 011 any amount
a-rr $S dT lm*
counterfkit.
FEMALE MONTHLY
PILLS.
OWING to the celebrity, efficacy and invariable success ol
Mad .me Westell's K. male Monthly Pills iu all cases o<
irregulsrity, suppression, or stoppage of those functions oi
nature upm which the health ol ev,ry female depends, siuce
their introduction into the United Stales, now about four years,
countrrfrits aud nnitstious are rootinuallv attempted to he
palmed off lor the genuine. Cheap common rill* arc -":rch i
red at twelve rents a box. put up in diffricut boirs. and called
"Female Monthly rilla,"wiih the object of selling, if possible.
St one dollar Females are therefore captioned against these
attempts to impose luam th< m. It is sufficient hers to state
that all F.*ma e Monthly Pilla are cnuntrrleits, except those
sold at Madaine Hesleli's Principal Office, 148 Grreuwich SL
N. w York, and No. 7 Essex stiect, Roslou. Price 111.
Madame Westell's signature is written ou the cover of each
bov.
N. B. The married, under some cirrumstsnc?s. must abstain
from liteir us. lor reasons contained in Ibediieclioiia. d7 tin"
rl'ME EAGLEl HOMMi M fOV E ? t his uew|y iiiventet
A Cooking Stove, adapted to the use of coat or wood. 11 far
superior ta any othrr now in use. The oven, winch is Isreei
than that of auy other Store of the same size, is protected it
part by a patent guard plate, which prevents it Irorn becotniui
Son much heated, and serves also to protect the tlue Irorn be
coming tilled with roal or other obstructions to the dralt |.
also has a patent damper m lor the pur|>ise ol conveying cf
the vapor arising (rom cooking and also ihe di.it arising Iron
thscoal. The hark hollers, which in other Stoves are render, <
sill, st useless by lurir remoteness troin il < Idaxe. are so situ
sled as to receive t he same liriirfit from Ihe fires as (hose u
front. Another vera important recommendation to the Kagl.
Csokii g .Slnre.islh.it it reijuirea less fuel than soy other pa
tent how in use. The public are respectfully .anted to ea<
and examine for themselves, al
THOMAS KRAZTER'B, 30? Water strcst.
Where may be found a v ariety of the most su|ienor pattsrn
of Hall. Parlor, and othrr Sloves oS lm*
WATTThEB AsNU JtsWKLHV, KOK HUUBAY fkk,''
HF.NTH,?Ju*t received by Ihe nbtrnhrrs font verv
I flue gold and filrrr lever, anchor "eaonnnneiit and Irpire WelchI
e? ; alio * few diamond Pin* tuiil Ring* I*dix t ameo Pm*.
gold Pinci1*. (Miain*. Sic., all of winch he it (riling at retail,
lower than at any other place in the city. Wold watch** a*
low a* $30 to $40 each ; watche* and j? welry rtchajice.l or
bought. All w ?tchr? warranted to keep good tune ur the money
tetiiri rd Watche* : nd clock* repaired in the be*t ma ..
ner. at mn-h le?* lhau the ii?nal price*, be one of the h int
w or It mm in the city*. I i. C. A L L K N. Import' r ol
Watche* aud Jewelry, wholegale aud retail. 30 Wall
da tm "P *,eir?.
MHa. M. .1. UAHUNhK't) ihUIA.h MA L? A Mot l.iverwoit
and Hoarhound lia*|iaintd a gieat rrj utalioo |< r I'.e
cure ol cotigha, cold*, ar.il all di*e**)-*ol the l.iing*. whooping
cough, pnlluaic, tore throat liver complaint*, fcc. Ithaabetu
it. ritrnaivi u?e in Bixtou for the D**t len year*, and it now
recommended by the nodical faculty. It i* well known to hr
the bxt preparation for thr cure nj ci ugh* ever lutroducrd to
the Ami ricaa public. It i* no quark irr? iclue, for evidence ol
it* efficacy, read the direction* what thia halaem haaCoue for
Win F. Haruden.of the Bxltii. tew York aud Philadelphia
Tvprea*. AI?o Amo* Wehater, Thoma* H *kin>. jr , K. Hor*
nu, David Watrrbury, anil Mr*. L Howard Her place* of
raidciice on thr direction*. Kor *alr lu Boitun by M. Brown.
HI Wathinct ixtreet. |
Hold in New York al wholerale and retail, by A B It D
IANDS JdrHggwt, 79 ami loo Fulton atreet ; David Hand* It
Vv77 F'.aa! LI read way ; Abt'm B. Sand* St Co. '373 Mmadtay.
die lm
FASHIONABLE BOOTS.
rfK *uli*crihrr return* big tiurer* thank* to hi* friend*,
ruit.imru, and the public geaerally, far the liberal patronage
which they have hralnwcdon liiin *mce hi* rommc.irr m*nt
in kimiie**. and aeanee* them that nothing na hi* part *hall he
wanting to merit ? continuance of theeame He ha* ii*cc*eded
in addition to hi* prr?ent clerk in obtaining. ai rou<iderablr
Ctirnae, for hi* F'all ard Winter trade a lot of the very bxt
quality ol F"tench C alfekin, which for toOne*? and dttrahihty
r.nnol he rtc< lied. He liv* *l*o on hand a quantity of *?tee
proof bntliah ?ole It alher. which he ran rccowim*nd *a a *u
perior article for cork and dotihlt cole water proof boot*.
He would >l*o itatr ibil he take* wrawingw of thr f?rt, and
ha* la?U made to tuil e ich CMMM (bull* mm e ho ic ?j
lie dMimii* to ohtata *npr ior boot*, aad a(i od At, art reaped
felly mv "tvd togive the tih?rriber a trial
mm lm JAMKB WA'KKR.1I4 Broadway.
60CIIHINU I LU I n dor aarSTr manwtaciurtr*. Tor atdr
r ky PFVRHSF". It BROOKS,61 Libel t > ??.
NOTICE u hereby given, thai tie IuIIuvil| Slock Ccrtikit*
km beeu stolen lb Uermav. it ii iuppo?d by
pemoua on the eve of em liretiOf to the United States, where,
in all probability, they will attempt to negotiate the same.?
All p*r*uoa arc cautioned not to porchver the same. u oca
ureehave been taken to itop pa) meat at the coupon*, or interest
am! pnueiiwl wheu due, via : ?
Buasehlorf ?M Elberfeld Railroad Bond*, with coupon* t)
1844 40 Boud* o< 100 rii dollar* each. No. 2121 to 2149; No
102 to 121; No. 4074 to 4083; No 8081 to 81180
Kiieaian 8 per ceut Bond* wilk Hope k Co. of Amsterdam
4th loan, nine boud* uf SOOruLlra each. No. 8388 to No. 8388,
without coupon*.
Hanoverians percmt Bond* of 1890, with coopora to 1844.
No 30 to 22. three bond* of 1000 rta dollar* each; No. ISO.
No 281 A, No 251 B, three bond* of 800 rix dollar* each.
Bond* of Prusaiao Loan o' 1824, at 4 per cent in England,
with coupon*; 12 bond* of ?100 each, No. U04, 1212, 1214.
1274, 1277, 9886, ly.041. 18,344 to 18.344.
Should any of hie anore bond* he offered for aale, pernors
to whom they way be offend are requested to *tcp the ?aml
and give notice to Oelrich* It Kruger, 42 Bread (treet. who
will givr the necessary security, and pay all reasonable *ipenrei,
on recovery or lh? whole, or nay part theieor.
'22 Im*
MARTIN VAN BUREN.
0b LA TK year* it wai generally remarked that Martin Va?
Buren waaalway* placid,gentle, aud rood ua<ur*l. Triumph
never eieiLcd, or defeat det-retied him, but h* alwayi
et aed perfectly at hi* ea?e; and when the
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
went agaiuit him. h? took it a* calm a* a iiMnmtr morning. I*
ihort nothing could ruffle Inm. Now. gentle reader. Ihr r?n>
on of tin* wha lhat lie wa* a conatant patron of PETER'S
PILLS, which have *uch a marvelloua effect iu karmouiaiug
the ipirm. that no man who take* them can have bad blood, or
be iullucuced by anger, pasaion. (orrow, dr?pair, aud a hu?t ol
other evi's that fl*sh (unprotected by Pettr** Pill*) i* brir to.
ludeeed. if admini*tered to mfficirnt do***, it ia tali mated that
they w mid make a tiger at the lain* time strong a* a liou and
gentle a* a lamb. We are led to these remark* by the opening of
CONGRESS,
ander the hope that it may induce the warm-bloodad member*
to beaake theinrelve* to these t-ill*. which will enable them to
go through their labors in a calui passionless mouuer, aud thus
prevent auv repetition of thone acriies of rowdyism which
have so often di'graeed Ike national assembly. Peter's PUla
are al4o wonderfully efficacious in the preveutionof
INSANITY.
and altogether the bell thing we know for the making ofaonnd
constitution* aud great phihwpheri.
PU.r'd l*illw mue km a.ktuinuM eat kam *vfto*.a IRA llrr.ailu.aw
corner of Graud,and at No. 90 North Sixth itrect, Pluladtl
phia. dtl lm*
PJRW ICMAUTJSON'S sHEinrrwi NTTBI TTERS1
' Kiclia ilsou's Bilti-rs, advertised in another column, arc
highly spoken of iu this ritiuity by gcutlcn.cu who are not in
the habit of drinking hitters, (any more than the good girl was
of going to meeting ) for the pleasure of it We hare uo
taste for these things ourselves, being quite bitter enough already.
without the aid of rue. wormwood or quassia Never
theirs*, if afflicted with the prevaleut diseases enumerated in
the advertisement and ob igod to become cither a " pill swallower,"or
abibbler.we should be inclined to call at Grant's,
and inquire the w ay to " health and stieugth"ol Doctor Richardson
?Kieler (N. H.) News Letter.
MIKRRV WIITB Rittkri.?These are a remedy very highly
and vrry justly recommended by physician* as of great efficacy
iu giving strength to the weak and debilitated. The use of
year* has satisfactorily proved their virtues I'litim lured by
the siighlee deleterious master, they enrmnuuicatr the he ding
power- of llie best mediciiral roots and plants They restore,
and, ifnot laid aside, preserve the whole animal economy in a
stair of habitual hraltUMSI. They cannot be too frequently
commended to public notice bv just encomiums from the press
[A B ic D. Sands, 79 and 100 Pulton street. Agents
{fij- In speaking of the eieelleHceor the Sherry Wine Biteers,
of which Mt?n. A. B kD. Hands are ag> nts, we meant
those prepared by Dr. 8. O. Richardson, of South Raining,
Ma?s.?Eve ".-god, .4. Y.
Sold at who', sale and retail, bv A. B It D. Sands, Druggists,
79 and 100 Fulton St.; David Sands It Co 77 b ast Broad
way. Abm. B. Sands It Co 973 Broadwojr ; Cod9iugton.937
Hudson street; Mors, Set Graud, corner ol Canno a si ; King,
144 Brwway. ellB lm'
INDEED. itiuumerahle are the sulferers who fooliably ar
deceived when applying to quacks and pee'euders of tried i
cal knowledge, and are thus hamboa.ilod of t ,iir money and the
precious Iiine, which might have suffered to alleviate their ei
cruciating disorder by the skilful treatment of a scientific
practitioner, might be happy enough to consult Dr. OLIVE,
of 199 West Broadwaj, near Canalstreet w ere they will ob
tain the most confident assurance of a rpeedy and permanent
relief, without the pernicious aud incommoding tier of mercury
balsam copavi, spirits uitre, cubelts, lie , reference will also be
gneu to many cured ol the most nerinn* distemiiers dIO lm*
COAh-COA L-COAL - Tin best I'each O chard, afloat,
on board schooner Charlotte, of Cape May. at RuigeHl
Slip, east river. Brukeu and Egg Coal $7 00. Lump Coal
$6.50 To he sold without reserve, weighed hy aci.y weigher,
ji at*
RF.STaUHANT FOR LADIES AND tis.NTLKMKN,
IV g73 Broadway, opposite >iblo's Garden,?This Restaurant
is above tk? Ice Cream Saloon. Ladies will find, at this
establishment, a private eating room, and a biiI of fare supplied
with every tniug that the market can afford?the Subscribers
hope by their punctuality, giving all sasisfaction to
the person that will give them their patronage. Private roam
for dinnerparties can be had
All orders received to send out?dinner ptrtirs.halls, eoiraet.
lie. ornamental pyramid ; all kinds parrots of sugar, chars of
liberty, fancy cakes, Charlotte rusfe, jellies icecream, biscuits,
glares,bombes tgrrnadas. the only manulaeturcre.llc,
I l#? Unit tr.tCT. d ...I. <1. era. soil lb. tv.ni........
tits pon, champaignou*.
b aniilies will fiod, at lay time, a variety of diahei ready to
lend out. Their price* will be moderate.
MAGNAN It JULiEN,
jt Im* French Cooks and Confectioner*.
rpHE PRIVATE TREATISE ?Tin* i? * little volume on
1 certain diaeaici in which the be*t a*d moat ?onvenient
mean* of cure are dated in the plaiueat possible manner. It
al*o shows the reason why theie malaoie* *o frequently eonUuue
oa from month to month,nucured, and terminate at length
in other and permanent complaint*. Indeed, no one can read
thi* little book without areing at once their true and real nature.
and aiao the riak and danger of truatiug them t* ignorant
and bo a* ting people. ...
With a view, however, to obtain a rational degree of eontk
deuce in w hat he haa advanced on the cure of tlioae diseases, the
author thiuka it proper here to give a ample atatement of the
meaua and opportunities he himaall haa had of forming jnst and
clear opinions on thi* subject He therefore bega te date, that
besides his rank aa graduate of Edinburgh, and member el the
Loudon College. Ac. he h*s been watchit g these diaeaaea, both
in Hospital and city practice lor more than thirty yean, and
hae published two editions of a work expressly on them. Also
that he lis* letters of commendation from the moat eminent
phytic i n? in K-irope to the miia' eminent in America, aa Sir
Aatlcy Cooper to Dr. Mott of N?w York and Dr. Phyaick.t f
Philadelphia, and others, and which may be seen by any out
And lurthcr. that he haa the privilege of referring to almost
every phj sician of eminence in this city. Tncae are circuni
stances which afford the highest satisfaction to every one, especially
to those who are auxious to obtaiu tha best advie*.?
The price of the book ia $1.
Dr Ralph ia consulted at hi? residence.W Greenwich street,
at any hour, and has distinct and aeinrate apartments for those
who hare to wait a littl*. Communications by post are faith
fullv replied to did im*
ON THE CURE OK STRICTURE?It is most uufortu
nute in this complaint that many persons have a atricture
who are not in the least aware of it. The common notn n
is, mat so long as the uriue passes in a tolerable stream, tl.ere
eanuot be a stricture. But this w f r frotn irue A stricture
may.and often doe* exist for month*, and even years, without
producing any a'nking change lu this respect When a stricture
arrives at that degree of narrownrsa as (eligibly to impede
the urine, it it a serious malady indeed. The object of those
remarks however, is to prevent this state, and to attack it at a
tunr when rt ia eauly and perfectly removed. But ihere are
other circumstance* besides its effect upon the urine by whicl
a stricture may be known, or. at least, strongly suspectrd, an<
though these are aumeroua, there arevtwo which are very com
mou and very eaaily judged of, and these shall b* uieutieued
here.
The first of these circumstances relates to time. It it well
hnowo that itncturrs arise from long continued and badly
krmted Gooorrhda Now, whenever this disease continue*
over many wiek*. especially if in the early p-ried any of the
boasted nostrums of the day werelakeu, there it just aud proper
gi oiir-.d to suspec a stricture.
The next is moat remarkable?U it the effect a tincture he*
upon the n iud aud sni'ilt. This it a fact that may be tho
roughly relied on. ludeed the author never taw a esse of ttnc
ture, (and ne sees many every day,) in which the patient did
not, more or less, complain of his lots of rneutsl energy?'hti
he wu not to capable of business at formerly Tlie reason f
this, howevrr. is clea'ly shown in bis "Private Treatise,'' a
in tie volume miliced ill another column of this paper, aud to
whirh the reader ia referred, not only fir knowledge of this
disease, but on every othrr couurcted with this subject.
DH. RALPH fuilher begs to add. that he may be c- nanltcd
personally a' his residence, No. 88 Greenwich street, at any
hour: and should any be in doubt as to the enttruee of tins
disease, especially after perusing his little volume, he will,
ailhout expense or the lea?t (win. explain aud assure him whither
he have or Dot. Let it noly be remembered that, if he really
ha* a stricture. not all the medicine in the world, alone,
wwi peer cure it. dH tn'
'PO BREWER* AND DISTILLERS.?The subscribe
a offer for sale all that valuable proiierty. situated in Auburn,
wrt'l kimwu't Wal?on and Son's Brewery and Di-tilh ry ,w iih
a Dwelling H-euee. outbuildings. marhiuery and fixtures eouurrteil
ih rewilli. Said rioperty cooaute uf about two acres
olland,lying on the south aide of theOaaaen nrer in aaid
village; a buck dwelling lioute, a dwelling home, a dirtillery
capable of distilling ISO huahela of grain per day, a large and
coavemen' brewery aud malt houae. with two kitna ii feet
squire, and ample storage for 30,000 bu-hels of grain, a bain,
sheds, atable. pena lor 6en huge, and an (.Nice aituated thereon
Connected with the distillery and brewirj tbrrr ia a steam
engine 01 au ourar |(i?er with two cyllndr Ja- ample mat Ii nrry
for grinding, and a superior rectifying establiahnien , c. utainintr
net of John Wrignt'a patent alcohol ropier atille.
riie wholeratabliahinrat it of a superior kind, well finished
and convenient in all ila arrangement#, aituated in a rich and
flourishing grain growing country, ia now iu complete order,
and in full operatn n.
It having become necessary to aeH the aamr in consequence
of the decease of H. Watai n il will be dicta a- d of al a bargain
One third of the pureh-ar money will l>e required od
the Delivery of the deed, and the balance may be lelt on bond
and tnortgigr for a term o< year# i( deaieed.
^Eor reference impure at Wid. Leiich'a. 70 Hodaon street.
New York,or of the aubscribera in Auburn. N Y.
OEOROK K LEITCH,
dia tin' R k >*. WATSON.
OlLVER PLA I E.-WM. THOMSON i.9 William strait.
>' rout lines to manulaclur* Silver Waie of ev? ry dear. iptiou.
of the latest pattern#, end 11- now on hau tea sells c Iff
pots, pi chers cu|?t, waiters, fork', apoona. of ikh as well as
of the p'aiueat at a lea. The whole of the-e artic et. being m in
utaciured upon the premiaea. from ateiling aiver, no paiua or
tipenae will be spared in the beauty of the workmanship.
)l Sew
CO mil t HEWAKI) will be paid for tb arrest and con
i let Ion of MAI' I' K f'IT< HKH him! the re
covcry of Thirteen Thniio-ntl Fire Hund-rd Dol'Lr*. obtained
by tiin from eundry bank* in thit city 01 forged cherka. or
(>u? tknu-aud d> lata on hi* conviction. ami One tlmuaaiid for
the money. or in proportion for any part thereof.
fair! Pitcher ia about II y ear* of aae. I feet or 7 nehea high,
haa a A vrid cotrp'eii >11 and rnidta'. hair, aore or it flamed eyra,
and fare much covered with ptmplea or hlolchra It ie p-ohahle
that he la accompanied by a younger brother of nearly heaame
height, about 17 yeareof age, dark comp'eaton, dark (yea, and
aark bttaliy hair.
It ia ascertained lhat Maurice Pitcher purchaaed of J. Bylyealrr.
in Niw V"tk, a Bill drawn by h>m aa J. tlnlt. Hon It
Co.. London, fir IMcutatriling. to the order ol Manner Vauleiironrt.
the payment of which hae be-n ?iop|>ed and the pub
lie are hereby cautioned agaiaat buy in kjhe aatne.
W PATTON.Jr Caahter.
J. B. TKk.VOR.Caeh er
Philadelphia.Dec-1?. It4l. dlgmdOw
LK,T every tub aiand upon tta own bottom, aatd a ealinai ol
thr olden lime, to aome pre tend era. who richly deeert ?
the aarcaam? but had he lived at the preeent period, he cenld
Save applied it. with more propriety, to eertalu tailor*, whr
affect to trttnaact hueineaa lor caah only, at to iwr cent helnw
the price# of thereapcclable member* oft he trade.one of whom
mile ithia old caah ayetem, that tie haa followed for three year*
Out upon rich boaalitig! Why, CHAHLK8 COX. at theeigc
?f the Oolden Kleec-e, corner of Kti|ton and Naaeau elrrete.
who haa mimed it foralmoat an age. ta the father, laterally the
ether, or the caah ayatem,?and. tf yon talk of chrapneaa.hr
* can mouth it with ll<e beat of ye"?but that ia not hie aiew ?
the malrriala. the ricrllrbce of hta mafertale hie worumanehii
and the a-vtiafaction he give* to hia cuttntm ra. art the main nb
tectaol hia ambitmu. Hia caah ayatem.and Ua rrmarbably low
prieee. are too well known to need comment Kerry nrw nrri
ral briny* htm the faaluoua and cloth* of the moet approval
tylee Talb of your to per cent, and your yearling aratem lie
bvrr old folk*!?tut. tut, man. mend before > on pretend to makr
it leaet Irarn to "let every tub eland on ita own bottom " *t
T ocK^tockH.LncKh.?ANDRF.W* it MATTKITT.'S
la i oatuatflaaail Wheel Lock* and t omh n itioa Tail nek*.
?Thrar auperior Locka. conaiatinc ofStore. Dour, ?nd Houar
Lockr; Locka for Irrn t hrata; Book Stiff* kr ; night l.-trhea:
are decidedly ait irti vr to any in market Whjl peri rt-y
aimplr in th-ir operation anal uae. tlaey are r qualm in aafrty
by no other Lock, and "lily aurpaaeed by the crlrhrated <>mbinalion
Lock of Ike name lavenior Thr prinrin'rm wl ich
tbej are rot,atrncted ia entirely new. and it ia belter-d to be
uneqiitlled in *ff<<riiii(. at a trifling mat. the ninil amide atrunty
The |trice of atprr door Locka ate >0 to $10 each:
Padl-.eka. $1 to $1) thediirn
A rup- ttor article of I'adl- rk-fnrK.il Mosul* an-* eh'p'a uae
worthy (he attention of peraona intrrcetrd in reach huameehoraalr.tn
any qn intit,. loth* trad*, or for pri ml* nee, by
WADSWORTH It SMITH.
014 Agcnfo for the Manufacturer*, 4 Jinea' Laar.
' 'HE bRANDKETH PILLS areaulsit 241 Broadway, tit I
1 Bo* cry, ISA Hudson street, u> 1 ITS Second street, at It I
cents per hos. with direction*. I
OCT- CANKER Oh' THE MOUTH'-fiC- I
Co'c from canker, ulcerated or (ore throat, pain ia I
the breast bone, are speedily cured by a few doaci of BR AN
DRETH'a 1'ILLS. PSesc utipleasatit and paiului complaints I
are all cured by punfi iug the Hood
Seven year* luve nearly eiaps*d since the Braulrelh PlBa I
were lirat introduced by Dr. benjamin BrandreUi, into the I
United Male*, and he i* harpy to aay that they are *ui I ia fa
ror w ith the American p ublic, and that their reputation i* sliM I
uu the increaae. H
It i* acarcely tceamry for Dr. BrandreUi to aaaure kia I
friend* that he co . luuea hi* nurt milting care and personal at
teution in the manufacturing department of the Brandeth Pills; I
or that they are eutirely free from C'h< inical or Mineral pre- I
paraiioua. three facts being well known aud'underatood to be
an. While Mercury and bleeding and other dcleterioua reme I
die* are hecuiiiiuR more and more niipoou ar, the Brandsth Pdh I
areeiteudmg the sphere of their usefulness by the appreoia- I
Uon ofagencroua public.
BRANDKETH PILLS.
Secu 'x to the I'atioos of Brandrtth'a Pill*. I
NEW LABELS.
CO The New Lab la ou a single hot of the Genuine Bran- I
dreh'a Pills, contain SIM3 LETTC.K8!!!
In coiiseuuenre of the great earietv of couuteiTeit labels of
pretended Brar.dreili's Pills, BLd which, in many instance*, so
uesrly resembles, in outward appearance, the geuuius of the
old style as often to deceieet e una a y. Doctor Brnndreth, H
acting under a sense of duty ti the public, has employed theos H
celrl.rated artists. Meisrs. Perkins and I'urand, who naee sue- H
oaadod in iroduriiig, at great coti, three new labels, from B
steel, of extreme difficulty of execution, aud ol so complicated
a nature, as to amount to an iuipos'ibi ii y of imitation, being B
considered byjmUes ? master piece in the art of engraving. I
The border of the top, and also of the unilrr label, is com- B
posed of the most elaborate and clnst" patterns of lace work. fl
Tocrownthe climax of these beautiful labels, the paper on B
which they are priuted is previously printed with Red Ink, fl
slier a design so > xquisite aid so mil u as to defy compsti . H
nil |Vi*s f All 31 til t Km at lasts, s> IsaKml aoel. nwniatit ?*' "K ?
* BENJAMIN BKANDRKTHM BILLS." written in red
ink nearly two hundreil times?the top and under label eontaioiug,
therefore, upward* of lire thousand letter*.
There u also upon the lap, the under, and the fide label, two
iignaturta of Dr. Kruidrtth; one being hi* rtaular signature,
lhu??8. Braudrelh; and the other hi* full sKuature, thus?
Benj.inin Braiid'eth; both .being fac-iimile* of the writing of
Dr Brandelh, to imitate which i* forverv!
The Braudreth Till* having he*e label* upon them, can bo
relied u.ion ** the true anil re.nine.
,Pr' "KANDrlETH'9 Principal Other. 541 Broadway, N.T.:
other oRicmn New York, 1*7 uudson street, 871 Bowery, ana
175 second ?'-re*t. ,! <) rnd Ht*
RHEUMATISM EFFECTUALLY CURED.?The nTV
traoroinary elbcacy of THE CHINESE MIXTURE,in
effectually caring the mostsevere case* of this excruciating
disease, is unparalleled. It 1* truly deserving the serious notire
of the afflicted, for it* application has uuivrmtlly been attended
hy the most signal sui-etss. I? tm.tim.uy of lie efliee
cy. the fol owing 1* anneatd Other*. rquallx satisfactory,
c u be examined at the store ol MARTIN J. FURST, tfio
proprietor, 170 Bowery, New York, the olIjt place in the city
where it can be obtained
Having been called upon by Mr. Martin I. Fur*t to eipreao
my opinion in relation ta the *liicieaey of hi* remedy for
Rheumatism. I cheerfully comply, by stating that having used
it 1 do not hesitate to declare that it i* the very b-*t external
rpplicatieu for that painful aud myall riuu* disease 1 hat hag
ever coine under my u tier. I would also state that Mr. Furst'a
remedy ha* been used with complete succe** by persons ot my
acquaintance, and indeed. 111 no iuatance have I known it to
fail JUDGE JAMES B. SHEYS,
183 Twelfth street.
FNew York, Dec. II. 1841. d30 1m*
TV/fACHl.NK BLANKETS AND L\P. INOB for sale by
Hi ivrr PERSSE Si BROOKS.CI Liberty at.
GH. HILL (Comedian) re.pect 'ally announcea to the pub
lie that he will aire a lecture at t liuton Hall, on Friday
rvenin. .January 7, 1819, onthe Manners, Customs. Ac Ac., of
the people of New England, as originally g vtn.by him in
Beaton, with a number of charscteristic anecdotes,imitations,
Ac Ac
Tickets 50cents each, to be had at the Clinton Hall, and at
the d 'or. 1
Door* open at 7 o'clock. Lecture to commence at naifpast
preri.-ely. j8 3t*
BHfNSMED'S HOM?E\PATHl.iN VEU-TTaBLE
PILLS ?A new fountain of health is opeued snd gushing
forth in healing alt-rams?a hri.ht and gloiions star has arisen?
and is cheering thousands with renewed health and life. It is
the star ol Hi mteapalhic medicine. Thrse bills, let it be distinctly
understood, cure disease by a specific hommpathia power.
which instantly puts a stop to the action and progress of th*
disease. As soon as they hare operated, you feel that a heavy
load has been taken from the body, and the tranquil, buoyant
feelings of health, immediately spring up iu its place. By stoping
the action of the disease, they restore health, and stepgth,
and appetite, s-nl all the (unctions, to their natural state; ami
Hit recovery is rapid, perfect and complete. Their operation
on the bowels is abundantly free, out nUasaut aad natural;
they never sicken tke stomach it cramp the bowels, but create
pleasant and agreeable aeosatioM: and, what is a gieat object
in these Pills, they arc always safe; they may be taken on all
occasions, and under any circumstance*, without regard to
the name of the iii*ease, for the ouerat- upon the general constitution,
expelliug disease from the body ? herever it may be
seated. Every one who keep* these pit's '-> them will alwaye
have a family physician in hi* own house, and when using
them may confidently reply upon a quick restoration of health.
They may be had at 9T3 and 878 Broa.tway.83 and 880 Bowery.
ts and 388 Hudson street, 77 East aroadway. 78 FultOB
street, and SS8 Greenwich street. C. WARREN.
jl lm?
TV/f EDlCAL CARD ?Dr. Coot-**, No. 18 Duaneit. neas
wx t.natnain ?i.. itiii anorua rti'ei to me amictru 01 ooin m
ii He may be always consulted. with the utmoat confidence
in the worat eaaaa of delicate diaeaaee mercurial affecUpaf ,
and the uumerioua aymptoma arising from thia diaeaae. From
DrCs eatenaive practice lor the last eight yeara in thia particular
branch of the professiou, caaranleea a aafe, apeedy and
effective cure to all peraona who apply to him. Recent eaaaa
cured ia a few daya without the ear of mercury, or any other
dangerous mediaeine. No interruption from business, or alteration
in the mode of living. All whoee caaea ha?e been protracted
or aggravated by maltreatment, may apply with the
utmoat confidence of being effectually cured. Terms nojjtrete?attendance
from T in the morning until It mtniebt. Officc
ia Duane at. dm laa*
GLORIOUS WIG VICTORY.
PHALON, late of Chatham Square, now of tit Broadway,
haa aeain taken the firat Premium for the heetapocimen of
WIGS AND SCALPS. t
A convincing proof, if any were, wantiug. that natira
ingeiii ? -ed h- ~ f. ? ami humbug.
an ' i' ' ? , 'Of.' a the
pro - . M.e ,1 , t- ?. ff
judge fi r, I
the fir? - , J
who ia
inritea
ved Got? i r ' r.
emblanc* , <
be rvganlec a an art I
pr duc-d in uu ?u.._. 1
N. B.?Thia aplendid wig wtigha little over hall an nance, I
llic lightest ever know n. 1
Manufactuier and prontielor of rhaton'a celebrated I
ANTI DANDRUFF,
for removing the dander completely from tlie head, and a tbor
oiigh cleaner of the surface and hair of the head, bat learen
glossy and silky apiwarauce to the HAIR
Observe, uone ia genuine uulus signed by me in ink.
EDWARD PHALON.
Applied on the premuea for M cents dll im*
TO MARRIED LADI EST
Madame rlstell'8 rrtvk.n tive powders.
These invaluable Powder* have been universally adoptaV
in Europe, but France in particular, for upwarda of thirty
yeara. a* well aa by thousand# id thia country, as being thia
uni) iwnu, liir aim cihuh.ivu? iinmy n?r lunrnru imiki wwh
health forbid* a too rapid increase orfamily.
M <daine Heat-II ami well known, waa for thirthy year*
Female I'hyiiciau in the two principal Female Hnepitli in
E..rope?lho*e of Vienna *ud Pari*?where tamred by her
great experience and nppoiiuuitie*, the attained that eelobrity
in thore great diicorrne* in medical icieoce *o <p*
eially adapted to the fern a e frame for which her medicine*
now etaiul unriralied, a* well m I hi* country a* in Europe. Her
acquaintance with ihr phyeiolngy and anatomy of the female
frame, enabled her?by tracing the decline ami ill htalth of
married female*, trarce iu the meridian of life, and the conte
qneai ra|*d and oftm appartnlly inexplicable cau*e* which
conatgn m uy a fund mother to a p-mixture grave?to their
true ?ontce?to arrive at a k owl-dgi o' the primari cau*t of
female indi*i*v*i?ion??e*pe eially of married Inn ale*?which, in
Iron, led to the di?covery ol her celebrated 'Preventive Powder*."
Their adoption ha* been the meat* of pra*cr?ing not
ouly the health, but even the life ot many an affectionate wife
and fond mother
The aitverliier f-eliug the importance of thi* auluect, and
estimating the va*t benefit* recalling to thousand* by their
adoption, would moet reopeelfully aronee the attention of tbo i
married, by all that t' ey hold near and dear.t i r > conaidera
turn. I? it not wi*e anf virtuoug to preveuti ? il ito which wo /
are *u ject, by iimple and healthy mean* within our control t /
F.very Uiep?e*iuoate, virtuou*. and eu ighttned mind willua- o
hesitatingly axiwrr ui the affirmative. Thi* < all that Ma
dame Hrntrll rrremmend* or ever r'c .inmendrd Price fi.'O j
ilolt re a pact rge, aec.ompained with full and particular diree- -4
tnui* '1 hey can h- fo warded by mail to any part of tn* Tutted
Mate* Aliletttri mint he poet paid, and eddr*reed to
MADAME KE81ELL,Female Vhyeiciau Principal office.
14S Ureeiiwieh *treet. New Vol k Office l our* from ? A. M
to > n'c'k P. M. Buotnn office No 7 K??ex rt dT I m dkw*
PORTUGUESE
FEMALE PILLS,
IFCTCNTKD AID rXKFWKED ?T
M. DE BODDF.LOQUtt, M. D , L1SBWN. PORTVOAt.
I'HK tcientific comlnnatiun of iugreitienta ol which the**
1 pill* are competed, h?* made them the wonder and admiration
of the world The. are known all ov?r Europe to bo
the only preparatiou ever dioenvrred thai ha* proved invariably
cerium in pnaluetng the monthly turn*. Their certainty,
in all cafe*, he inn vuch that met mint not be u*ed during pregnancy,
for though mild (ale. and healthy, Ihey are certain to
pr dnce imrcan iage il uced during that period.
The direction* at* trauilated into KngHah. and are enveloped
round with the ceil of the importer et imped. F.ach box coo- v
tain* the rignature of M. de Boudelooue, and the Knglteh di
reenoi ? have the tign .lure of Dr. F MEL VKAU, authoriiod
agent lor the continent of America.
They can be tran<mittrd by mail to any part of the Tutted
Stale* l.etrter* directed to Dr F Melveau. box 74. N. T.,
will meet with imUA?diate attention. Bold by appiiutineut at
tfi thread trret. n.rner of Allen. Price >1. Half boxeg. M
No half boxriaeut by mail.
dttlmChw*
DISEASE OF THE EYE *
'I HI* may eertify that I have witi raced cure* performed on. fl
1 the bund, tome <>f I ng (landing by Dr. J FRANt I*, No.
10 Barclay itrcct, New k oik. and believe hi* prrpiratimi f?r
pi-ea*. of the by r it one of the greatrat hleuing* that can b*
offered to the afll c rd. nd hare much pit aaurr iu recommendmg
him u a aate at d okilful < >ruh?t
JOBEI'M ANDKBK, Komanf'atliolic Trieet, fM
dl( I m dfcwy of 8l Pen r"? Church. Barclay*
T~ o t'Arr.Tt mantkai TLktKs. ?Ttoaabocrtkwg gj*
notice thai Merer* tlowr k < hoddard, of Woeceeter >lMg?
aave appointed them their ageuU.and are prepared to furinaiigf
ort notne. upon the inokt r-aconahlr term* Fourdrfmor IN
vleader Machine*, with fire or etram dryer*, and tiring mt>
chine* to aiac paper in the web ae it leatee the dry ere AU*|
every kind *f Machinery appertaining to the manufacture of pgc
fir. which in point of workiecnchipaad f.unh u not iurt*woo4
y any other eetabfuhuient in thi* country. A large uun.Ur u*
low in operation tu many *f the beet mille.l* whom relcreuao
will he givtr for all pwrlicuUr*
PEHR8E k nilllOKH I'aprrWarebou**.
dWdkw (I l.ihcrtv atrut
mUMU 0AILV BY
JAB KB OORDOH IBHIIV* .
No fl ANN BTRBKT.
OF ADVKRTIBING?The e*teaeive eirea|
?tio ) of tho Hrmi.r, both in town end country, mafcee
to uperior channel for advertiaert.
roo twii,ii Lioia oo mi:
11 ny, fO ou I 4 dm I, |l m I 7 daya, $1 tet I lOdtro.M U
t J OR I - 1 ^ t 00 | 11 " t >7
i" ioo|a" i 7? 1 " * it I it " lao
re* OIOHT Linst OK UIII
I wirti .liHIl montha M 00
I aonth, W I ? Month*, 10 OO
Al! advertiaeaaenta to bo paid for before thair La
art ton .. _
Adeertiaomenta inoortod In tho Wcaanv Hohaio at |I
er ?]URro every inoortion.
M#Koii?o Hkoilo?laatied e*err n.oming? prico he*
ctfilo per copy. Coontry ombocribori furniahed at tho
lame rate, for any apecifte period. o- rem ttaaco ia
ilitaro v? nopor aent. nnleeo ool?' in advance.
Wbkilv korai-o?laeeod aaorj oaturuay iittiAg, at
aiaoo'eloeli?pnee liaetnii par oopy fnmkhod to ao?a|
try atabarribor* at ft per annaa la advance.
Comaaarowoowvi are roqnootad to addieaa their lottan *
a JiHW (loniMio IIawnrrv,Proprietor and KJHavt Mi aA
arion on boalaooa ntut bo pool pall