1 I "
i i.V ~~
TIJ
!
v t Vol. VU^-Ho, MI -Wh?l? . 10G0
i ?==: , .. VftBilolui
UlyvkiiBrrt la l*li? -/..uyiny by
Jl six h II. Glmtvvortli. I
-L * . Mohu PmriCE,
* j ?Teral dayy si net.* I p??bli->hed a card in the daily
jyi, i.i wuick 1 pr?unii-d t* auhtiiit to the con
*M?Mtio i and judgment of the public the facta
??%MKteJ with ilie election frauds iu this riiy, jn
% tklfeir< Hd^and lSjy, alid the motives which in*
fliMKced uie m making an exposition of the *artic.
J*f?deeiung this pledge, I repeat my declaration
fWaa male, that! a;n net actuated by any feeling of
%Mtilit;, ; and furt her, 1^*1 am lioi iiiiwuiru UJ
aa*pern m or person* fln?'course which 1 have
A fclt it my duty t<* adopt?but that 1 act in this mat
'' tar free un I unbiassed. ami according; to the dic"*
tatea of uy judgment, ufter having; maturely weigh'
' ?i than bj cl in my own mind, and calculated all
the meet hptk for and against the propriety of I
j my aoui ?c. 1 feci sensible that I have committed
a great m irnl wroag?I know that 1 have been nietrntneiital
in attacking the purity of one of the
i ' arest and most inestimable rights of freemen.
* ' I have t ucCeeded, ity the anl of others, in consun.- I
' Mating a stupendous and oaring fraud, and 1 h_w
affercd, und justly too, for tuy illegal conduct;
bat when 1 look around aud tee others who weru
me guil y as myself?.nun, who reaped benefit from
thair iu q lily, while J, aud I only, was compelled
* to sufTci?ue i, who are and have been tl?va'e<^
aoniequ uce if their and nay unl*w'fdl acts,
aad who are a >w courted, whit* I ain passed
by as unworthy to be lb*ir associate? 1 can
bat think tbat J am iu the discharge of not only a
' mat moral obligation, hut also of a duty which
I awe to myself and the public, to point out the
i area who were the guil'y participators w?tl? tue,
* .that they maybe ko >wn to the public, and also to
tpcif. it ritiiiw- in winch these frauds were per*
f it. i, iweie'i . that herealter no such acts can
* j ii i./ted i i.'nswt a certainty o|'d*feat. Hut I
sill s.'ihaltc us vou; time with preliminary re*
4?r?> tat pro\ ed to give the statement of the
Ui tioxb or 183S.
drthe c <?. of September, or tue early
tH i?et '" , lt^W, "(i cot\fidtntial committee''
U roi-J fi orn ti.cn of the executive committees
Young Men's General Whig Com?
<OBee^OT\ho eit* efNt-w York Robert Swart %
wotit, fraacis L T.ippett anil Rdwood Fisher
were stlesUd by lr> formsr, and James Bon-en,
obsrt C. Wet in >ri amJ myself on the part of the I
Jytar Mr. |i artwont was selected on the part
Metbo C.'nfMta.lial Committee of the Old Men,and
' anfew* i.l ctri! ny Cie Young Men's Committee, to
mttfr iuto eff-rt -uch confidential operations as
* ' be propo.?<j and agraed upon. Mr. Swart ?
>?t *4< mr? !< ,iad several interviews in the
?* Whig Committee rontn in Broad street and elseJ
where, *u reference to the Philadelphia operation,
- which was no ruoi-uke persons kIiom that
citt to \ ote in Til c Citv of New Yore. It was
agreedthat we should proceed to Philadelphia, and
atmsalt s .me prominent members of the whig party
there a* to the feasibility of the eontemplated proa
jset. Mr. Saartwout and myself left New York,
MCOrdm > to appointment, on the 6th day of Oetoher,
193^, op board the steamboat Independence, [
for Philadelphia, by the way of South Amboy, and
from thence by railroad to Philadelphia. I acted
as parser, and pa d our passages and other ex
peases The hour for leaving New York was
ehaagrd on that day to twelve o'clock, for the first
' ' Xelii-p,. fnr lint irainn. This WNS on
8atnrd*> Wc arrived at Philadelphia at about
> I duk of e Kmc day, and went to the United
Stataa 1 el. The Next day, at about half past
twelve ? ock, Mr- Swartwout and myself went
to the rer lence of Colonel John Swift, formerly
Mayor of the eity of Philadelphia. There an in
tarriow tvas had with him, in which, however, I
look bo part, but left the matter entirely with Mr.
Swartwout They went into the back parlor,leaving
ane in the front with the family. Alter we hid
beoa at thu'boHie some fifteen or twenty minutes,
* 1 wat culled into the room with them. Colonel
Swift remarked that he would introduce some
parser.t> to rue the neat day, inquiring, at the same
has, where we stayed. 1 &<u not certain whether
be then mm-J the persons whom he would introdacc
to die. I had been icqouinted with him t<-<<m
s may boyhood Immediately after this interview,
k?r. Swartwout-.. J myself returned to the United
States 11 itcl. On'he way, he informed roe that
Colonel Swif o nrnuiwr. > hi* s*?u?-a
byas ai practicable, atul ta-the had promised to
gad persons to roe to carry it info effect; that he
Weald aid us ia accomplishing the same. It was
> agreed that I should remain in Philadelphia to
ka the arrin?;-iuents, &c Mr. Swartwout left
that ?v<.nio?, ni fivt o'clock, for New York. The
max t in ?ug Culoyp] Swift called on me, at the
Vaited S *:c? H 'tin, and I think it was at that
Mae tha< be introduced to mo Robert Miller, and
Utad i'ut he uOuU send J unes Young to sec me
Jatke c urge of the day lie remained but a very
mart ti c. Iiial c msiderable convcrsntiou with
Jfille r : he ul.o raid he would send Young to uie eitkardn.ing
that or the fallowing day. Oureonveraatien
v. ..s upo i i he subject of procuring persons
frosnl'i. i'idc'phiuto vote the whig ticket in the
C?tT ol X : v York Miller said he would ascertain
m he c 1 furnish a certain number of persons
far the pur,,i' e, and sec mo again us to the enrat
peaiafio.. v.ch 1 was to | ay them. During that
? fr (DC I u.uw i ig uar, ana wuicn i a:u nm jiusiut c,
f James ^ ung called at the I'nitrd States 11otc 1,
sad ir.q .ifO for me at the bar. 11# was at this
time cue of the h gh constables of the city of I'hiladelph!
i 1 tra< ? nl for. When I came in he
approached me and mentioned his name. We
' stepped aside and had aome conversation en the
>> '' auhjest of tbe business b fore stated 11c thuurhi
tkl matter practicable, and agreed t? see me alter
a#Mrtaii;ing the views and expectation* of the partie*
i Bl .-t bnt i Ynuug and Miller repea edly at
By rooms a.i.l elsewhere. During these interview*
1 made arr.incenient* with them tofurnish men to
?MK fro .i Philadelphia to the city ofNrw York
sad voto at the a;jp oachmg fall election. By the
tern*of the agreement which 1 entered into with
Mid Yo rig and Miller, I was to pay them thirty
dollars f r each man they furnished for the aforcMid
purpose. Lists of names of men were given
Me by Y ung and Millrr, who, they informed u>e,
womd go to New Yrork and vote on those terms.
Thi? vis to Pintail- Iphia was only to make the prelininary
at rangcni nts, 1 did not go prepared with
fund* to c aplctcthrm. On ll'h of Oct. 1 returned
to the ci y of Nw York, and had an interview
'i noon af <t my .irrival, with James Bo wen and
Other*, i:if > uied them of my movements at l'bila
delphia, and the arrangements which I could make
They expressed
theraselve* perfectly satisfied.?
After a me ting of th? Whig iCxecntive Committee
( at the Broa 1 ay H use, the subject of obtaining
i, fundi to carry the l'n la lelphia operation into el(
foot, u a i in'insed hy It iwen, inyself, and other*.
We cam to >he enneluuion that it was impossible to
diapos o any ot the monies collected fortheG.n rai
Co.i iUittee, without adistinctappropriati rnf
f**! committee, on .he appl.cuion ..f the Kxeeu
, hlruC< :-i nttie; and Mich an appropriation ?* we
required would excite the uspiemnof the membre*
Of the ro.r.ra-ttee generally. l? was therefore pro.
posed by Mr. Bowen H it we sh uld trust the pr?posed
i pcratinn to Kichard M Blcehford and S,.
muon 1> c.ier, Jr. as it was st?t>d tv*t they had
the control of a certain fu id, to diatmrm as hey
thought proper, and Mr. H oven considered it brat
togrtth.- funds fr. in this -ource, rather than risk
i)l? ma'ter leulflti r Atlf kv asl/in.r on ourar/.nriul . -
--- ? - ?t-j- ? > ''
from the co:* uiitre. Mr Bwwen al?o a?"i;tiied as
an ad :it i >n il reason for the prnprie yr of the course
hi in, that iltc Executtre Committee
WoililTrn 10 ask th appropriation, and that it
ould n >t b>* donr w thou, mtrustingevrry m--niher
1? of that conn riiltce wi h our plan; besides, if we
???ld g't tliret thousand dollar*, or any part of this
Moan',from tliein, (Blatchford and I taper) then
!. the Ucneral Committee c< uld s;p opriute their
fund* t > other purpo-e* I itrenuouily opposed
cctruiti-i; theio c< nfi taatial operations to pcriona
Who mere not member* of cither of the commit1
tees, bit: at length yielded to Mr. Bowrn, and
creed to meet him, witn Meiiri. Illatchford and
I Draper, the n< xt morning, at Mr. Hta chfnrJ'* of.
p* flc., and to a ate my vie? *, and the plan of the Con?
tampb .ad operation. Thia tea* a few day* after my
Tatars ifm Philadelphia. I went to Mr Blalcht.
fold's tffice,
pirstt.tn to the appointment, and met
Jfessr* It?wrn Klatchford aud Drapi r. I'hey appeared
to be acuaaiiit- d with the operation generally
; an 1 whe f .It - of tha pr.ictieability of the
# cchetn-, ol the anoint 0f T,,tei that would thut be
#a?th!.td t?? 't" I'arty, rendering the election, a*
I ata'e.l o th, tn, a ui nt. r ?,f certainty, they agreed
'< ;ii -h h- uod/- I oould require to cca* ini.nate
.? th* err igernea!- W? talked freely upon the subject
'1 or Executive C'l'iiaiutea consisted. Hecordirjr
to my present recoPecVtn, of Jatae* Hotven,
1 Ch:.-m a", H lien C Wetrnore, June* II FreeP
- , haitiarl it Child*, John C Brunt, Chat^
to,.an, n-Mian W.Chiids, Kdgsr f Van Winkle,
C? or two other*, and myself Willi* Hall, the
) - i ptasta'attorney reneralot the ,^tat#, was ehairnian
cf that- /nrrui Committee, and, sx-otTirio, a mem
har of tbr sahordiuite committee*. KJf>r b Van I
^ Wichla waaebairtna'i of the C mcismiisg - I
1 wa*th# chairman of the Finance Corn's;
at this time was very mtieh occapied, with
' fa 0,r l'~' ?embitrtof tbat com iltsr, ta soUec'ing
S *
?
II
E NE
n:
j fuud? lor the approaching election. I n? Kniani
Committee coimuted of iMexira VV. D.?o?ivay, ,
11 Mmford, and Theodore Draper, Jr. 1 wit ai
istcd in making collect on* by (1. 1, Pier?on, Hi
bert C. Wetmore, and Henry >V Haven*. On .
nbout tlu-20.h day of October, 1K>S, I returned I
Philadelphia, to perfe.ct my arrangements for tl:
fall election. The evening before 1 left I was ?i
gaged with the K\reutive < 'omnutt. e until alter I
o'clock. During the eve ing, Mr. Kichnrd >
I Hiate.hford raited twice at my iiruse to ?ee nic, bt
not finding me at home as late an ll o'clock, he set
a letter to nie. Hit* apparent anxiety to sec me, an
i 1:??i._ ... ? i?i^ a,, hour, create
| ma senuiup mi- ituici hv
some suspicion in Ihe minds of my family, and
was opened and read by theiu. J he letter urge
upon ojo by no means t?> delay leaving ill the mori
iwe, a:.d a?surcd ine means should he provided.I
Theohjeef of mV visit to Philadelphia was know
posim ely to Messrs. llowen, iilatchtord, Drape
and <ivaitoout,and I have reason to believe il \\?
siisi ec.?'d by some few other prominent memhei
of toe party. On my arrival at Philadelphia, 1 ha
ri|M at (il interviews with Young, Miller, an
, there, and eotisnmniated, as far as I was enable
to do, my arrangeiuan s. On the first day of N.
remher, at about midnight, I received a letter b
th hands of William A Ford, of the city of Ne
York, who at that lime ua. employed o? clerk i
the w hi? c vmaittee ra<>m in llroad street, which
have no doubt u a from .latin s P.nwen I come t
t 'i s cuic us ion froin the fact that 1 had agreed wit
Mes-trs. IJowen, that the fictitious name of V
Scott shi uld be used by hint in our correspond enc<
if anv wa- necessary, and the letter b ought me b
Mr. Ford was so signed. Mr Ford left New-Yor
at five o'clock, and arrived at about midnight
had not retired : I was waiting the artival of tit
rars from New-York 1 felt some auxiety to receiv
the funds, as it was within a few days of the clet
lioH The following is a copy of the letter receive
hy the hand of William A. Ford?the original <
which is notv in my possession:?
"Thuh?d?t AfTKnnoo*.
" Dear G.?We were a good deal alarmed, this mor
ing, to find that sour visit to Philadelphia was auspecti
here, and was talked ofinthe street. For your own sal.
as well as ours, you must stop short whir* you at
The enclosed will enable you to meet your engog
meats, as far as you have gone; and you had belter r
turn and show yourself here as soon as you possibly r a
Yours, ?ruly, etc . etc.,
W. SCOTT.*'
" The bearer knowi nothing."
This letter enclosed. I think, $500, to pay wh
expenses I had already incurred. My arratig
ments had been inadc; and, from the character t
the men who had been engaged for the purpose t
coming to the city of New-York to vote, I wt
satisfied that, if they did not receive the compc
nation stipulated, the whole matter would becon
public; and that, under sum circumstances, tl
safety of the party required that t&c arrangemen
I had made should be carried into effect. Wil
this view, I determined to return immediately
New York, and go stated to Mr. Ford, at the sau
time requesting him to takethc Camdeu and Anibr
line, in order that we might not be seen together,i
I intended to take the other mute. 1 started tl
next-inonnng, and arrived in New York about Inl
past two o'clock, and went to the committee r. o
in Broad street, and from thence to thj office
Mr. Blatehfor 1. 1 did not find him in. The ne:
morning 1 had an interview with Messrs. liowe
Rlatchford and Draper1 1 think 1 saw Mr. Bowi
first. He informed me that he was fearful the who
matter would be discovered; that Red wood Fisht
and some others,had been speaking of it in theatre
?tbat there was also a want of funds; that sulfide
could not be procured from the source we had d
per d ,'d upon, when we had the interview, which
h iv<-hereto ore named, withMcssrs.HIatchford,Di
perand I?ow?-n. Atthe interview at Mr.Ulatchforii
office, the same reasons were advanced?a fear
discovery, anJ a want of funds. After considerah
conversation on ike subject, in which I stated t
reasons which, in my opinion, required us to go <
and complete the operation.it was final] v determin
between us to make an effnt to raise the funds n
cessary for that purpose, and to meet at Mr. Dr
per's hnu*c that evcHing : 1 think ten o'clock w
the hour appointed. It was agreed that I shcu
call on the persons nominated for the Assembly, I
the whig party,and collect all I could from them ai
others. Messrs. Klatchford, Draper and Bow
to use their efforts fur the same purpose. .
my solicitation, lien.} W Harms arcomp*ni* d t
during the afternoon and evening, in a hack,
make collections. We succeeded in collecting a
coroing to my present recollection,between tnr
and four hundred dxllars. Mr. Havens remain
with me until nearly nine o'clock in the evenin
We called on Alderman Zabriskie, Step en Potti
Alfred t a hart, and others. 1 left Mr. Have
kom where in the upper pari of Hrosdway, ai
went to Mr. Bowen's Dome lie then resided
Broadway, a few door* above Leonard street,
found him at home ; and, after some ronvcrsatii
o i the subject, we w ent together to the bouse
.Mr. Simeon Draper, Jr., in Warren street, lie
Broadway. We were thin informed that Mr. ]
was at the houie of Mr William Satnuel Johnso
which wis almost directly opposite. We went
Mr. Johnson's, and Mr. Bowen inquired for >1
Draper. He was there, and we went into tl
house. Mr. Bowen went up stairs into the park
and I remained in the front basement, which w
that evening uss d as a depository for the cloaks ai
hats of tlie company. There was a meeting of tl
Kent Club there that evening, as I was informed,
saw several gentlemen in the room. I recollect M
William II. Harrison. I think 1 engaged in conve
'.alien with him ; also >lr. George W. Gibh* at
David H. Ogdtn, Esq. .After 1 had u aited abo
ten minutes, Messrs. lJnwcn, Blatchford and Drap
cam - down, and we all went to the home of tl
latter. We went into the hack room of the re
building. A conversation immediately commenc
in reluiion to my success in making o<djection*,a
the u:u"unt I required to he nude up. In a sh<
time, Mr Bowen left. At ab >ut half-past elev
o'clock, and before our arrangement* wero coi
nlcted, Messrs. CJeorge S Doughty and Fledivo
I'lshcr called at the liouse. Tney went into t
front parlor ; Mr. Draper went in to see them, a
Mr. Blatchford also. Mr. Draper returned in a It
moments, and we completed our arrangement*
to the funds 1 received all that 1 required, ai
handed to Mr. Simoon Draper the check" that I h
collected, and received from htm his draft,at sygl
on Mr. William Gill, of the city of 1'hiladelphi
which, with what I had in cash, amounted to fc
tween two or three thousand dollars. I went in
thu parlor, and saw General Doughty, arid M r. Up
wood Dis'ier. and ascertained thai lln> ntn.er
their viait was. to rctnrn u check of three thousm
dollars, which had been given to Mr. Hen jam
liirdxall, to secure the services of Martin K W
ter?, of the Sixth Ward, which appropriation n
solicited l>y Mr. Hirdsall, of Mr Flatter an I my*e
for that purpose,inm? time prcvioui, and appro?of
The check was returned in cnnsrqut i.ee
i tie remark which Mr. Matche-rd had made in r
latien to the misapplication of fund* in the pr
sence of Mr. Ilirdtall, to which Mr JimHall In
taken exception Mr Blatcbf >rd made a satiaf.i
tory e\plana'ion, and the cheek ati retained I
I> nighty a id Fi?her,to,be returned to Mr. Hird?a
I left the hnu-e of Mr Draper, with Mr. HKtc
ford, VI r. Fuller, aad General, D-ughty. with a pe
feet u derstundiuir that I was togu to Phtladclph
nnd carry o it th? before named plan We all ret
*j -<l in the same neighborhood, and rode tip in a hai
<,pV|.li' Draper's houtc : it was raining. I It
r "''Isdrlphn the next morning, ana arri?i
:. '* 1?rut tone o'clock, P. M , and went to tl
il,ccJ Sta,e* Hotel I called immedint ly on Col
M, I t-l?i him that I wanted to sec Ynm
and \,iller that e?,n)ng He said that he wnu
notify then aiul that they should be directed to me
me at the house of Mr Ueorgc Kiston. After lea
inc fhf ho tier t I C lrn#l <s t ... ._ .*
7 V.V.- iwimmwiei
-idinccof Mr \> ni (nil, on whom 1 had the dri
for tiir momy. and wan informed that he had ri l
totlie Fall* of the felehuyikill, ai d would net r
turn until evening. At about aix o'clock, 1 a?a
called nt Mr GilP* home. At thi* time I saw hi
and prenonted the draft. He naid that he had a
the amount in the hnuac, and that it \va? impnaaib
(it hi ing Sunday) to arraoge it until bank houratl
next day. I then requested him to give n;e h
check, or cheek*, dated the next day, which he Hi
drarvn, I think on the (tank of the I*. State*. >J
David D irraure, of the Foiled Statea Hotel, raahi
one of the cheek*, and the other, 1 think, wi
eu.hed by Mr. (ieo. Riaton, at the unit place
the ugh of thin I am not pnaitire. I recollect th
I d clined receiving Hiltimore fundi from a gentl
man at th - hotel, who, I preaumi, had been a 1 ici
cd to e.mh one of the check* fur mo. lietwei
light aid n nc o'clock that evening, I wnt to M
George fliaton a to meet Young mid Mi lor, ai
there had a private interview with Young, end pa
him eight hundred and nixty-eight dollar*.for whit
I look hi* receipt At the ?amr time and place,
had an interview with Millrr, and uaid him fit
hnndrrd and aigty dollar*, and to h ni* receipt ft
the *ame. Che bu?in**a wn dona in the hack pa
lor, th* folding door* being aimed. I h. y egret
'o imiJ oq the men, on the term* before .laird.
P?'d them (eparately, an per??n being prolan
Tho men were to leava hy the different linaa, i
I even, nine and irt o'clock, the uext day, with it
W YO
EW YORK, TUESDAY MO
e ulruciiuns to report to Noah Co.k, at National
J. Hall, I' >nal street, and some others. I think, at his
? I lace of bubincis, on the corner of llroaJ and VVai?
teratrcet). Noah Cook waa at thit time eneof the
>r whig can lidltll lor tin- Assembly, I mm r lie- cu v 01
;o New York. After my return, 1 wan, during the
ie whole three days of the election, alum t constantly
occupu d in the private Committee room at N itionII
al Hal1. Marshall O. Rob.-rts of the Fifth Ward,
1. Cook of the Sixth Ward, John Faulkner of the Sett
venth Ward, Cli'dney of the Eighth Ward,and sonic
it others, whose names 1 do nutimw recollect, assistd
ed ui in our operations, by taking charge of the
1 men, ami seeing that they were properly disposed
it of in their respective wards,and enabled to put in
d their rotes llowen, Hlatchtord and Drape, end
i- mine other prominent members of the party, w re
? admitted iatn the private Committee moui, where
n the mon were drilled preparatory to Ibeir g ingout
r, to vote. The mixhu opera tli wa* witnessed l?y (he
is gentlemen named, and afforded them much uui'ise s
in. ut. In this room, I saw Mr. lllatehfoid hand
d Noah Co k some money.
<1 To most of ihe men n slip rf paper was given,
d with the naiue and residence they were to assume
?- writ en upon it. The residences, in some iny
stances, were furnished by leading members of the
iv party from th- different wards, and were such as
n would not he likely t i excite suspicion. They
I were principally, 1 believe, boarding houses, anil
ti ?uch house* as were occupied by a number of fall
milies. The men were thor. uglily drilled: many
of them, it was reprehcnted, were old hands, and
c, understood their business.
y The method adopted was as follows: the m-n
k wer>- placed in a row, and, as before staled, a piece
1 of paper, with assumed uanie and residence, was
i* given to thein, the usual questions n-ked by the
re inspector , as to qualifications, were put to them
repeatedly, until they could answer >atisfactorily,
d and without emburrassiucut. Frequently altera.
)f tines were made among the men during the election,
by changing hats and coats among themselves.
I ri rolleet I here were some iiersous from New
n- Jersey, who were under the immediate charge ol
d Noah Conk. I do not know by whom they were
e, employed oron what terms tbey were there; they
c- appeared very efficient, and frequently changed
e" their dress ?tchich change* Icert pet tonally attnulnl
to by I\'otth Cook. I saw him put his owu hat and
cout on sonic of them several times These men
boa?tcd of having voted in several of the different
wards, and in some instances more than once in the
same ward. During the Fall election of 1KB, Mr.
William A. Lawrence, and Jouathau Nathan, as'
" sisted in the upper private committee room at National
Hull, in erasing the names from the democratic
tickets, and substituting the names of the
** whig candidates, which tickets were used by the
n* persons who were drilled as aforesaid. There
>e was also a young man by the name of Coggershsll,
Je whose father was at that time, or subsequently,
V the keeper of the City l'risnn, who was also em!
ployed in preparing tickets. There was a difficulty
? with some of the men, in consequence of a part of
'c, their money being retained by the leader or leaderr;
and at tho instance, and with the advice of
.Messrs Lawrence and Nathan, I paid them, to defrav
their expenses to Philadelphia, one hundred
and ninety-four dollars, which amount, less some
"J. small subscriptions, was returned to me, a few days
after the election, by Mr. Richard M. lilatchfnrd.
During the three days of the electioa, many of the
n' active members of the whip party Mere admitted
to the private committee room. I was perfccly
satisfied, frcra the successful management of the
r* operation, that the will? ticket would be oiected in
the city, and I so expressed myself to a number of
the leaders of the party,
j Result and RcwAKDorTiiEOi'KRATioNs or 1838.
'a After the result of the election in the state was
I's known, I was repeatedly solicited by many pronator
nent members of the whig party to take office The
lie office of Commissary General, Adjutant General,
tie Flour Inspector, and others, were named, which 1
in declined The appointment of Tobacco Inspector
id had never nceii suggested to inc. I was informed
e- that the term of the then incumbent did not expire
a- uiril the winter of 1MIO, a year after the election of
as Governor Seward. The subject of the resignation
Id of Mr J.I) Stevenson was first suggested to me
by by Mr. Robert t'. Wttmore. I niet Mr Stevenrid
sou and Mr Nathaniel Pierce, by appointment, at
en the store of said Wetmore. 1 had previously conAt
versed wi'h General Prosper M. Wetmore on the
ne practicability of this arrangement. The result cf
to this interview induced me to consult some of iny
e- party friends as to the propriety of making an ofee
fort to secure the office one year in ad vance of its
ed expiration. Among those whom I consulted, I reg.
collect Messrs. R. M. Rlatchlnrd, James Rowcn,
:r, Chandler Starr, and Simeon Draper, Jr. all of
ns whom, with the exception of the list namcd,enn*iid
dcred it best to make the ?tlort to obtain the apin
pointinent, for my own sake as well as for the inI
tereste of the party, and promised their co-opcraou
tion in rffi ctir.g that object. We had a meeting on
of the subject at the store of Mr. Draper, at which
ar meeting R. M Hlatehford, Chandler Starr. Simeon
D. Draper, Jr., James Bo wen and Robert C. Wettnore
n, were preient After this interview, about the 10th
to of January, 1S39, 1 visited Albany. It. M. Hlatehr.
ford, Moses II Grinnell, James R wen, Simeon
he Draper, Jr. and Chandler Starr left, I think, on
ir, 'he same m iming for Albany, by the river route,
as I went by the way <>f New llaven. After royarri?d
val in Albany, I was introduced to Governor Sew
he nrd by Mr illatehtora, an<l delivered him a letter
1 of recommendation, of which the follnwing is a
[r. copy:?
r- New Yobk, January 11th, 13311.
id To hii Excellency Willum II Si wmn.
ut U.iveinor, ice lee.
or 1)?:*r Sib?Thil will ho haudod ) on by my personal
ue friend, Mr Jamea 11. Olentworth, of this city, who atthough
net personally known to your Excellency, will,
** | dunht not. he recognized as one of the tnm-t ardent and
indefritigahhi partizans, to whose untiling exertions,
nd perhaps more than to any othei in this city, tha recent
nt trinm|ih of otir party and sued ss of sotinj principles
cn may be attributed. Ho will explain ts >ou personally
di. his wishes, nnd hand you, at the s.ims time, letters re0(j
commending him to your sonsiJi rati in. In conclusion,
u 1 must be allowed to say that 1 consider it as a mere act
, of justice tothis geutleman to state, that there is no per
son from this district who e.in present the snme character
of claim for office B|ion the party, and I shall feci myas
self as personally gratified if tli*v should mc et the favored
aide consideration of ) our Kxcclleney.
ad With great rega-d,
,r Your Excellency's oh't. serv't.
j,' H C. WETMOUE.
p.' I had another very strong letter to the Govcrto
nor, i ut whether I gave it then or sent it previous
j to my visit to Albany, or delivered it at all, I can,,f
not now recollect. This letter vis signed by only
?j a few influential party men, and I think no names
ln were signed to it except Messrs Clatchford, Grin,
. nell, Bowen, Draper, Stsrr and Wetuiore. 1 reeola?
lret distinctly of Mr. Wet more'a handing me the
jf_ letter, after he had piocured Mr Grinnell's signat.,i
ture. The rea'On why the letter may not have
, f been used is the act that the gentlemen who signed
r it tvere there to urge my claims in iierson, except
Mr Wttmore. That they were all in tha city of
,d Albany, and put up together at the Eagle Tavern,
c. will a,>prar by the register. Their names are eui,y
tcred tia the 10th day of January, 1JS39. During an
ll interview which I had with Governor Seward, 1st*
h r marked that 1 was not an applicant for the
r. ofli a of Tobacco Inspector, and suggested my makiii
eg the applica'ion in writing, which I immediately
,j. complied with. Mr 8'evcnson drew his rcsignation
and placed it in the hands of Mr. R. M Hlatc h.f,
ford, with a perfect understanding that 1 was to be
nominated in his place. It will be remembered
be that the Governor was much embarrassed at this
n. time in the confirmation of his nominations by the
, e Seuute, a majonty of that body being opposed to
I? hi n in politics. The subject <>f Mr. Htevenson's
resignation nnd my appointment was ki pt perfectly
T_ (juiet, and it was supposed by u* that the Gover e.
nor only waited the action of the Senate upon some
tf: of the nominations then before them, and that when
at they ware disposed of, my nomination would be
e. sent in. There were rumors afloat that Thnrlow
,n Weed was opposed to my having the appointment,
in aid that he n;id an agreement with Mr Charles
ot Oakley, by the terms of which he, Mr. Weed, was
le to receive live thousand dollars if he proeurid the I
lie office for him at the expiration of .Mr. Stevenson's
lis t?rm. Whether theie whi any foundation for these
d. rumors I had no means of ascertaining positively,
)t. but in consequence of them Mr. Stevenson became
Pd dissatisfied; and his suspicions v ere increased by
the fact that aay aominution was delayed, and he
? stated to some of the delegation, and to myself,
at that he believed there was a design on ths part of
e. tn eeu ana me uorareor to uae antairnea* in relat>
tion to the appointment I'rermut to thia time,
m Mea?ra Ulatehford, (Jrinnell, Knwen, Draper and
r. Starr hail returned to the aity of New York, antl
,d Mr. Steernaon'e regignatien wa< placed by Mr.
id Hlatchlord in 'he hanila o' No >h Cook, without hia
;h knowledge or couaent Mr Steeinaon waa alarm|
ed and diaaaf iafied with Mr Ulatehford for cot ru?tr?
ing it with Cook, aa were alto ?ome of our delega.
,r tion, who thought Mr. Cook waa i xercitiug more
r. influence with Govi-mnr Seward in reiatinn to tiic
,1 oily appointment* than hit mrrite entitled him to.
| Mi. tttercnaon and my nil atajrrd at Congreaa
it Ifall, and wa were in daily confidential iatcreeurac
at with the m em hart of the dclvgation and other pren
minent peraoaa cf our party who were at that
RK E
RNING, JANUARY 4, 184
house. (), the number was a gentleman cotinecicO n
with the prtsg of thi* city, of high character ami t
attainment*, and who 1 bare rea-on to know was a
cognizant of tlie arrangement between Mr. Steven- '
son and myself. Thin gentleman baa since become '
? !-* ? I .1 l._ a
' but as sounding brass and tinkling cymbal." P
My nomination was made to the Senate on the n
lil.h of February, 1KI!>, and I believe unanimously ?
confirmed. On the day of my appointment, (i<>v- 11
ernor Seward desired, th ough Mr. Lyman, (the p
agent or engineer of the Erie Kuilroa 1 Company,) a
that the delegation would address a letter to him '
rcroinmending me to this appointment. The re- p
t|uest was immediately complied with, every whig tl
member from the first Sen ate District, and every ''
member of th? Assembly from the c;tv of New I.
York, signing the same. 1 then returned home and ?]
entered upon the duties of my office. I hud many cl
applications for the auborJinatc situations under p
my control, which, fra.tn tlic nature of my arrange- C
ments, I caiuld not grant. Much dissatisfaction K
was expressed hy my party friends, in consequence ''
of my retaining those advcine to us iu politic*,and H
rumors were rife tint I had comprom'sed myself tl
and the interests of the parly. 1 c mid make no h
explanations, and was c inpclled to li.tiu to their e<
reproaches. The Hprin:1. election was near at hand, !
and this probably kept some of them in check. 1 r
still continued a member of tbe Young Men's Hen "
enl Committee, although, after liquidating the I .a- di
bilities which we hud incurred, and which wmeof
considerable amount, 1 resigned as Chairman of the "I
Finance Committee. M
The whig papers of the city of New York ap- I"
proved of my appointment, with the exception of II
the American, u, the following extracts, which, ,B!
having at l.and,l inseit, v ill show: 1
"it will t>c seen by an advci tisrment in another column d<
that Mr James U.OIuil worth has been appointed Tobac- d<
co Inspector for this city. The appointment is highly th
judicious, and cannot fail to give general satisfaction to
the mcirantile community. He has secured tbe scrvi ju
ces of Mr. Nathaniel Tieice as his deputy?formerly
United Suites Consul at Bremen, and for many years
cxtvnsis ely engaged in the tobacco trade "
" Among the appointments recently made at Albany, ri
is that of Mr. J. B. (Hen t worth. Tobacco Inspector of this J J
city?an otlice, the duties of which, we doubt not, lie lii
will discharge with fidelity and perfect s'atisiac.tiou to y
Illl* [HIIIIIC . II ? III lie irni II III n uuiciliarniim, uim (1|
he km employed a gentleman of high character and lung 7
experience in the business to as?i>t him, which will se
euro a fulhiul anil juilicioui discharge ol the duties re- ?
'piiie I."
'1 bus ended the campaign of l&W, and an eb, o .
far as related to myself, nt that tune, were its suits.
r
Operations or 1831). 1
The success of our fraudulent operations in livid
hud beeu of such a character, anil produced such ^
results, as to warrant, at least, the attempt to bring e
the same inllutnce to bear upon the spring election M
of 1839. In the early part of March of this year, ''
the matter was again suggested to me. It was at
this time the decided and e.xprcsscdopinion of some '
of the leaders of the whig party iH this city, that
we must ba defeated at the approaching charter 0
election. Much anxiety was felt and expressed,.h '
the subject; the importance of our success eunrasscd;
and, finally, it resulted in u direct proposition ,!
to me to carry out the Philadelphia operation again.
This I peremptorily declined, alleging, among other
reasons, that 1 was filling an important oflice; that I?
I had previously been suspected and charged with J,
unfair management by some of the papers of the '
other party, and that, undersuch circumstances, I '
would be closely watched. These reasons, independent
of any moral obligation, which alone should ?
have been sufficient to have chucked any further ''
solicitation of me to aid again in the perpetration
of frauds upon the elective franchise, were disregarded.
Ws bad succeeded before, and ex- *
posurc had not followed. We were elated 5
with the success produced by that operation, ^
and anticipated the like success and gratification,
if we again resorted to the same means to obtain it c.
It was contended that I was under obligations to .
the party; that no one was acquainted with the
men in Philadelphia whom it would be necessary I
toempiov; and also, that it would be unsafe to en- "
trust the matter to any other person. I was also
urged to embark in the operation as a matter ol in- *
tercst to myself. It was stated to be my du y to .
take a more active and decisive part in favor of the 11
party. It was also alleged that the committee 1
and Others were dissatisfied with me, from the
fact tha' I had not beeu as active a' I was previous ~
to my appointment to office. 'Jhe moral tar- i
pituHeof the trannnrtian loai never mtniiunn!. We
acted a, on this principle, " ait is iair in polities.**
I however coiuented to give the pr iposition my
consideration. A short time after, my attention *
wa* called to the subjeot, and, according to my w
present recollection,on the same day, I taiv Mr. a
J amen llowcn, and converred with him in relation *
to it. The result of my interview with him awoke 11
a^ain a'l my party feeli ig and party pride, aud 1
deided to embark once more in a transaction *
which I shall never cease to regret. I ugreed to go ['
to Philadelphia and make the arrangements for the
men, but with the express stipulation that I would 1
have nothing to do with theru in New V?rk; tbat "
committees or persons must be selected to take r
charge of and superintend their operations. I
had frequent conversations on the subject of u
selecting proper persons to manage the men. f*
after they should arrive in the citr- It was
concluded ihat it would be th? most effective
to divide, the men into small parties, and I named r
several as proper persons to take charge of them. 0
Among tho<o I mentioned,! recollect the names of a
P. McArdle, J. F. Raymond, /enos V\ heeler; but ''
at the same time I stated that Noa i Cook was the *
only person competent to be entrusUd with the en- c
tire management of the men, for the reason that he
had experience in the business,having participated ?
largely in the affair of 1S38 1 was also to be freed j
from all responsibility in procuring persons to superintend
the operations of the men in the city of ;
New York. i
About the 20th of March, l&W, I went to Pbila- n
delpbia to make the arrangements for the men, t
similar to those mndc by me in the fall of the year c
183* I called on t'olsnel Swift, (the mayor ot the "
city of Philadelphia) at hi* ofkae, and was introduced
by him to Recorder Rush. It was election
day. Colonel S. informed me that he and the police -j
had been on duty most or all of the prtc> ding day; s
that he had a large force in the room adjoining his ti
office, to be usen in case of necessity <> my ar d
rival I immediately commenced making arrange- f'
meats. 1 sa-.v Miller, Siiindcrs, Swint, rhorntou, 1
andotiers. Mr. Rein Badger called on uie in company
with Mr J 1) Wolfe, of tbe Northern Liberties,
and introduced him tome. 1 also taw seme ,
of our political friends from Sauthuark. I was ?
invited to attend a caucus to be held at Mr Had- t>
ger's home I went, and met some ten or fifteen r
geatlemen. The object, as I understood, was to r
submit the whole subject to them, and to mike
such arrangements to carry the same into sffcet as
might be determined upon. Mr. I adger. after in
trodncing me, icmarked that I was auiong the y
" bone and sinew" of the Third District, and that I p
mil-ht sneak ant withiat i>serve : that thrv ?.
were a I good and true men. This way the tub- ii
tance, and, according to my rredlectisn, the exact c
language u?ed by hua on th at ?ec iiion. 1 stated to
them, brief!v, the object of my visit to Philadelphia,
nnd asked their co-operation. Thia they
agreed to, and left it, with .Mr. Badger, to arrange c
directly with me for the force I would require from f
the Northern Liberties. A day or two a'ter my ar- t
r t?I, I received the following note from Jamea
Young:? t
Mr. Giixtwortii- v
Sir? I have gone to Maliimnre, and will be at home f
on Saturday next. Every thing is right If you h
have any thine to nay to me you cau laave it in a 1
lettei ?t the Mayor's office, or in the care of Mr. c
Gihbo, who will take good rare of it. v
Yours in haste, c
J ami:* Yocno. f
Philadelphia, 23d March, 1889 n
Mr (Ilestwrrth, U S Hotel a
A fine n? >*i Dtsin* with mv nrraniramnnls ? far n
a* I conaidered adviaable, I returned to New York i>
on the30th of March. A few days after my re- f
turn I received the following letter from Mr. Bel*
Badger:? r
f'HiLAnri.puiA, Apr I d 1,1H U a
Dear Sir?It will be impnaaible lor mc to aend (
you a bill of lading at tliie time for your yarn. I I
find more difficulty in getting your order ready rv
than I anticipated. I think, however, the o-der t>
can he completed in time to anatver your purpose, 1
but I cannot aend the hill yet. Tbo term- of pay- e
ment you propose will likewiae be an nbj'.ottnn tl
My partner* are not willing to aervo yu on any tr
better terraa than what they charred you h-fore,
and the name oredlt. I think, on the whole, if you tl
were here in per>nn, yon could do better, and ua tl
the order ia of ?omo importanne, I would r com- ai
mend you to do ao without delay. If ytn ahould e
erne on this week, pleaaa a?c>-rtain, preyinna to al
k a?ing, to whom the gv?o?l? are to he conriL'ned in *
Tourahaence, a? I tuay with t<i ahip aome of them g<
before yonr return ni
|IY ifh much reepeet, y?ur obedient eervant, tl
Giuhoi W. Kiuer, di
298 North Second ?t. el
Thia letter wa* add re? ed to Mr G A Wilkina, at
No 17 Broad atreet, New York, and I preteme at U
[ERA
12.
uy u-g' Slimi, un 1 M>< a pal luff, a tfiat l.n. , in
he bnuseof Messrs. \\ ilkin?, Uolltns & Co. The
stunting of I lie name of Ge rje W. Khaun, and
lii? mode of correspondence, was suggested by Mr
lidgtr, and acquiesced in by me. A few day*
ftcr the receipt of thin letter, J went to Philadel- i
hia again- Immediately after my arrival, I saw v
lr. Badger, and other*, who were inrere.ted in c
iding in carrying out my plan*. I hail repeated b
iterviews with Itini, and other*, at this time and o
rrviuusly, at my room* at the I'nited States Hotel, m
ud at other pi ices. At one ol these interview*, ci
Win suggested bv Mr liadger that I should em- n
loy gome of >lr. Robert I.oojiey'* men, in place of ri
tote f;irni?h *(l hi James Young, a id other*, from *
ic citv proper He informed me of loon: of Mr. c
lOoney'* political operation*, and said l.e consid- ti
red the men he could furnish would be in re elh- t<
lent. Mr. Lorncy, 1 think, was represented as a m
lumber, w ho was employed to do the work forthe *i
orporation of the city of Philadelphia, and had a h
rest many men nt hi* disposal. 1 was introduced ?
iMr. liadger to Mr. Loruey, at the residence of cl
ic latter, und 1 immediately communicati d to him
to object of ray visit. He said considerable abeut w
is confidential party services, some of which were <>
rtainly very singular; and during the con versa- di
on he occasionally app-aled to Mr. Badger for a di
mfirm.it ion of his statements. I made up my mind <1
employ him. 1 paid Mr. Lnonsy seven hundred et
altars on account, ut Evans's Hotel, in George c)
rect. I met him at this place in pursuance of an rr
lpointment made bit ween him and Mr. HuJgcr. M
I r. Badger and myself arrived first, went into a M
rivatc roi>iu, and were soon joined by Mr. I.ooney. .Si
e furnished uic with a list ef thirty-five or forty s?
lines, from which some four or five were erased so
hesc men, I think, were furnished nt twenty-five cc
liars each ; alllhe rest were furnished at thirty pa
illars each. Mr. llad^er was present when I made gc
in payment to Mr Looney. ht
On theKth day of April, INK), 1 received the fol- re
wing letter:? ?li
New York, April 7lh, 1839 T
Dear G.?I shall not be able to couie, or send the in
-qtiisite, this P. M. or to-morrow morning, but m
nu may depend upon seeing me at 12 M. Monday ce
ght, with all you have asked. Go on, and make te
;inr arrangements, on that basis?not rnlculutiiig th
n any earlier period for your return than Tuesday, in
and 8 A. M., with all we shall look for pi
Yours, iVc. W. (J. Scott. te
ames 11. Gi.k.ntwortii, Ksu., Marshall House. te
This letter, which is now in mv po.-session, is in da
te hand writing; of Henry \V. Havens. Mr. Ha- lii
ens was one of the Secretaries ot the Whig Young m
len's General Committee at that time. th
Previous to mv leaving for Philadelphia, 1 was w
iven to understand tliut money sufiicieut to th
anccl all my engagements there would be for- bi
rarded to inc. 1 would not hayi gone, without the
equisite amount of funds, but for the receipt of
Ir. Badger's letter of 2nd of April, INK), signed w
JeorgeW. Khawn From the tenor of that letter v;
feared there ini^ht b? some difficulty, and 1 went
n with means ot nay own, to use if it were necestry,
to keep the parties quiet, part of which 1 was |
ompelled to use before Mr llavt us' arrival. On t[,
ae Monday night referred to in th'- Utter from Mr. tn
r I W I ' U?nll .1 .I.SHI II
weut, in company with Charles S wint, to the rail* t|,
mid depot, to uwait the arrival of the car* from gll
ietv York. Wo went there in a hack I left tn
wint in the hack, and waited on the pavement on* |lt
I the passengers came out. I met Mr Henry W th
laveus. We went to the hack together, aud, at tuv Ul
uggestion, we were driven to Sauderaon'n Hotel, n(
1 Fourth, near Arch street. The reason why this cs
onse was selected, was because it was more re- ^
ired and out of the way, and I was fearful if he j,
rent tothe United States Hotel, or was seen with |l(
le, it might excite suspicion On our urrivul at g;,
anderson's, we went into the bar-room, and Mr t|,
lavens handed me a paukage of money, which I (j,
unfed, and f 'Und short fifty dollars I mentioned 0f
lis, anil Mr. Havens replied that he had retained
for his expenses. This package contained twen- Jj(
r-nine hundred and fifty dollars. A fictitious |
ime was entered on the register at .Sanderson's j
[old I may have suggested this to Mr Havens, c|
ud in ay have written it; but if so, it was dose in
is presence, and with hit entire concurrence My ()|
lipressinn is, that the pan was handed him ly the C(
Icrk, aud that he entert d on the register t'h.iles
faun-, New York. It was now past twelve o'clock
-no persons were in the bar ri om except Havens, ,
wint, the clerk and tuystlf. I paid Swii.t five ftl
undrej dollars, and tooh his receipt. The ulijoct
I Swml'sgoing with me ihut eve ing was, to get y
tnds to pay some men, who, he represinted were y,
t rendezvous waiting for it I only remained (
rilli II it ens, at Sanderson's, ten or fifteen minutes,
nd did not see him again in Philad-iphia that
pring. I think lie iofiruiud me, when I left htm, 1'
liat he would retmnto New Yoi k the next morning.
A iter till receipt of lie funds by Mr. Havens, Hot
rianneinints were consummated, and the men ''
aid?some the whole amount, and others a part?
y Looney, Swiut and Saunders, and they were di- C(
cctcd to report themselves tc .Nosh Go >k, a' Miontc
Hall: some of them may have received di- 01
rctioiis to Mr Cook, at his place of btiiineis, on ,c
In. rnrnrr nf Wilier :itul lirnad streets. 1 'he lead
rs of the party Were in sonic, and I think in m"?t '!
uses, furnished nitli a letter to Mr. Cook, eonsilling
the names of the men under their charge. c
'he uien were to leave Philadelphia by diffe,cnt "
iMltes, and at diltVrcn' hours, in the seven and nine c'
'clock morning lines, by railroad and steamboat, ei
nd by the evening railroad line Of till* I have no
ersonal knowledge; -uch was the uaderstandiiig,
nd it was a necessary precaution, so as net to exile
suspicion tl
I return* I to New York ou the , at atiout three w
'clock. I did not go. I think, to the t 'omrntlti o Room at tl
lasoiuc Holt until the next morning. I saw Noah Look
here; he had the g?n> rat su|ierintrudeiice of the sffair; J
lso, Mr. J Coggeshall, his son. H. W. Haven*, J II. Tan
tllen, sn<l J L. BruD', slid olh. r-, some of whom 1 do not h
ow u collect. There ? ?s also a yourg nun by tho n
mine of Campbell, whom I was surprised to see admitted d<
0 the private committee room. I saw in the private w
ommilti e room, and also in the large room adjoining, n
nuny perrons.some of whom I recognised as bel onging j
J the Philadelphia psrty. I also saw some ot the same
i.en that bad beeu employed si tho previousf ill lection,
ml who were represented as coming from S -w Jersey,
"her appeared to understand their ba-ili iss. I sa .v
ionh i jolt l.i in hi? hat mid coat to th"?e m* n, und change
heir hats and coats, so its to disguise uml prevent their
ntectioii I received, wtiile atthe Committee room, the
illowing letters tium Mr. ilela llaJgcr, tigntd Otorge
V lthavvu:?
run.trcLsms, April 0, lh$9
Dasa Air?Permit me. to Introduce to your notice mv
articular friend, William V. PiiAold. who isabiutto
bit your city on business. Mr I'ittfield is a young man
f high respectability, in whom every confidence can
e placed Any Civility you nuy have in your power to
endet him, whils in your city, u ill lie most chcrrfuily
eciprocated by Your ottedienl scrvan',
liEORGK W. KM l\VN.
J D. OLreTwoRTit, E?a- N' W Y *rk
Piiii*.ni i.rHiA, April 9, IMP.
Dcau Sia?I take pleasure in introducing to your fsorshle
notice, John Mii<ch n',(l<-nrg> Fish, r, and John ?
[urst, who are about to vnit y our cpy on business. Any "
1 vilifies \ on have in your po v er to render I eniwhil b
i New York, will add to the many obligations already "
onferr-elon Yourohrdiant servan', tl
GEORGE W. IIHAWN n
J. B. OniRviiatH, Ks*.,New Yoik fi
1 find among my papers a receipt from John Mus- O
hant, dated April 1 Ith, 1H3?, for forty dollars, in B
nil, und I think that I paid each of the others thir- 'h
y dollars. bi
During the afternoon of the third day of iheelec- tl
ma, I saw, in the private committee room, a man n
vho was repre ented t'?beCnul*nn, a i.oliccntfieor, ti
rum the ci y of Albany 1 >?w Nnati t'Kik pay si
lim money, but what amount I do not know, b
I irrf Httl l"mf very angij vv..?v.??..w?
m between Cosk, Couls.n, end a third person, I
vhose mrne I did not ascertain; the amount of the U
onversatinn, I think, wan dissatisfiet on on the A
art of the men in reference to some parti <n of the hi
mney promised (hem being retain, d Co ilion, ra
f cr receiving the money, was direct? 1 to net the ac
sen to the boat to return to Albany Tnr boat m
amed seas not one of thr regular bout, of the hi >rth h>
tirerLin?i 1 think it ?n the Victory. G
The men from Philadelphia, I untiei atnod, were cr
arioutly disposed of; mine were provided f..r at ha
ta home kept by a person named Mott, in Spnnr te
"rest, and other* at t afayrtte Hall, an I else where m
think, from Cool. m's remarks, that his p.artv li
ere i|itartered at the last inaction., d pU< Of in
> ?e uia'tera i have no personal knowled r ai d as h i
have (aefore stated,did 1101 nuke myself .?r paint- no
d with, ns I did not wish he idroi fis.l with II
sciraCts in tha e ty or New York P-in ot the th
le.t furnished by Mr. Leonr?y were, ? I under- r
[i od, enlrnitrrl to the oharge of vir Me A i dl<, im| -h
nt Ihey hrs'-me disaati-fiad wh n they f"ui d lhat lie
ley were to l? entertained st the Al-ns Hon ?, er
id had cleared out ; most w! thrm, t h. Iieve, l ow- si
rer, reported themselves at On Committee room w
rterwards 'I h ? ay ss e nia layed to deceive the no
igi'anee'.f ha d< m >er?tic insper'ors oinl ehaO'n mi
rrs, w h? to take the dennera ic tickets, ora ? tin ,ir
ima? car-fullv with a fine pen, so as n t to show sei
iroiijh, and substitute the names of he whig can- to
idates This, of rntira , deceived the democratic mi
la'i?ngers ; ihay svould n"t challenge what they an
ppoaed to he their own tickets. The whig chat- 'n
nger was informed ky a slip, some tituc before, f fai
LD.
Price Two Crati
i.e luiuc* i.e must chall < Mm it.i .i uiUdriir ?
ri?i* wits ?l>o miilt i . il j the pemon offering hi*
o(r, mil was arranged in > me instance*, after the
rrival ofthe wen in the wan'g whrre it nn promeed
l< vote ttinu; but tno?t generally the arrangetents
were perfected before the men left the priate
committer rocin at M.i?o?ic Hall. 'I'bedemeratir
i?ij>relori and rhnilrn i r were completely
linded. '1 he whig challenge!were alto n f rnaeei
r the caaructt r of the person olFerirg to vote, by a
gn ; a pin on theed. ? of the coilui or cnfTol ilio
r?ut ; BOinetimea by apparently an uc cnii n!a' chalk
iaik on tlic coat or edge of the ha*, the medtf of
l-c guidon were varioui, and fri quently ch.wig d,
> at not excite r<imrk <>r ami; ieion. The whig
lialleo-t r - knew their inei, aUo, by the rt ply jivi u
> the fir.-t qucation put to thu voter by the Irxpec
r, us, for nibUnci - What'e y > ur name, sirl Wnr,
iy name i* go and no. Another mode tin in pruating
the tick*;', which was done with the left
nut, v. mi inumb unci ftr?f linger. 1 first, and other
irinit- modes, vet re rci orteJ i", to enable the w h g
hallengers t?> uci kiii wingly
Mr. James M S an Aim uud Mr. John C. Lr.nt
re iri the private committer room together, at
iu tiin-* during the election?I think the second
ly. J\lr. Nan Allsn said he would try his vote
nvn stairs. The Sixth Ward poll vn hrl I in o :e
the basement io>m> of the Masonic llall. I h aa1
linn my coat, at his request ; in d after the e hig
inlleHger was prepared, he went down; an t on hia
turn, in some ten minutes, stud that lie had voted,
r. Van Alen was a member of tae Whig Young
en's General Committee, and u tesident of the
. rentrcnth Ward at that tune. It must not be
ippnsed that this is an isolated case ;tor the sake of
nil J principles,! xishlh it I were enabled to reirritbe
fact that it was. Itut in those times of high
irty excitements, many, vrrj many, perhaps of as
io?i character and standing as ivit Vufen, actuated
what they suppn-cd to he honorable and chiralus
impnl-e, resorted to expedients nt once di?cretahle
to themselves, and at variance with morale,
he whole matter, in my opinion, was very badly
anaged ; there was a want ol system and an augaent.
The men frequently boasted ol their suciss.
I heard one person suy that he voted srvenen
times, and others that they had voted mure
. n once at the same ward. I have a memoranda,
ade hy one < f the Philadelphia party, of hit exoils.
lleMiid that he voted in (he Kigbth, Four*
euth, Fourth. Seventh, Ninth, Fifteenth, Sixenth,
Kleventh and Tenth Wards, on the two iirat
tys ; and on the third dav, the last day of the elee911,
in the Fifth, Third, Second and first Wards;
aking in all thirteen voles. Mr. Noah Cook left
e committee room at shout half oast fonr o'clock,
ith the intention, a- lie represented, of leaving
at afternoon, at five o'clock, for Albany,to resume
t seat in the Legislature of the State of New York.
lixA.sn Riisi'lt a?rn Rkwakd.
In the hugmning of the month c f January, 18|d, 1
ent to Albany to make my am ual return Pieout
to this, stories hud hern circulated hy nun of
v iiviit ufPtv. ??Ihi ivi rp nmvnafsfi t<? mv polainm?
c office I then held ; t lint I was a loco foco?that
had openly admitted that I won a democrat?and,
icreforc, they came to the enncliieion that I ought
' be removed from office ; and, in fact, thiy went
i far as to name other* to fill my place. It ji true
iai ( hid resisted the interference and refused to
ibmit to the dictation of men who had no busineaa
> meddle with my affairs, and had incurred tbeir
rthcr diaplrasure by lefiisinu to remove Mr. Nalaniel
Tierce, a gentleman of hr;h character and
jdispnfed competency, against whom there wan
> other charge than the fact that lie win the politi*
il opponent of the whig pirty. I had alio refused
comply with their demand to remove Mr. A. S.
irvia, my book keeper, and others in the inspee*
>n warehouse,who were cumpet m and tri at tror*
y, unless some other cau?e why I ahoulj remove
em was assigned than the sin,pie fact that they
d not aerec with trie politically In consequent e
thus refusing to be contiolled by others, I w; a
-escribed by a faction, and bunteo d 'ivn,but I was
fteimincd not to be sacrificed without resistance,
did not mean to submit family to their opprca*
on,and 1 came to the conclusion that if I was sarificed,
it should not be done wiili impunity 1
id the power in my own ham's, and it depended
i them whe'her or not I should u-c it They had
mimcncod the war?I stood then on the defensive,
it still was determined to attsck, unless t heircouuct
was fair and gi nerms tow aiits me. Ilefure 1
arted for Albany, I call d on Mr. K. Mlilatchird
James Ilowen and Simeon Draper, Jr. Tho
vo former promised to write to tin-Governor.?
!r Draper furnished me with a letter, of which
iu following is a copy- I did not deliver the let*
t ; and it u still in my possession :
Nsw Vohk,January 11th, 1SK).
overnor Sr.wAan :
Dear Sir?Mr. Glcntworth goes to Albany to
mrrow, with his annual return as Inspector of Tcacco
In cousequencu i f an impression which ia
sroad, tending to ellrct bis oilier, he has request*
J me to writv you on the subject. Not being in
ay way conversant with tlie article, or the duties
f the ?dice. 1 can say no more in referei.ee to the
ialt?r th in that he informs me he ha'obtained the
gnaturcs of all the dealer* certifyingte his havlg
performed the duties to 'heir entire satufacon.
So far as regards his political claims, 1 can
eitainly, up to the period of b s appointment, leafy
to hi* unrtmiUinp iabors'in behalf of tho good
iiise, having, in niy opinion, been as acti'. c and
isrgetic a* any otner individual in this city.
Verytrnly, your obd t serv't,
S. Draper, Jn.
1 was also furnished with a Ict'er on the part of
tie merchant i ami dealers in the tobacco trade, sf
rhieh the following is a copy. [ did not deliver
ins letter, it is now in my possession.
r?t w it on k , Jan. torn, i>m?.
. B. Oi.r.tTWonTH, En]., Inspector:
WV, tli? utnl? runnel, importer* ami dealers in leaf to- '
r.cn. di em it hut common justice to is; thai the husiras
of th? Tobacco lo-pi etion in thu city lint bc< n co1
ueted with -i' Ui y. impartiality and dispatch, and that
re repose full onfidericc in n contlnnaoer nfjts correct
est, and of the facilities which we now enjoy ander
our administration ol tin- ollira.
MR* O. K. MIL I. Kit It CO ,
WILI.IAM AUNEWk HON, j
MASON & THOMPSON,
J It H MESSENGER.
RICHARD V. W TUOllNK It CO ,
WILLIAM GERARD,
JOHN WILSON It CO ,
llOORVAN. JOHNSTON* ( O.
J. BO WEN SMI I H,
JOHN MULLEN l* CO..
t HAKLLS ESENWKINI(.CO.f
CORNELIUS DUBOIS,Jr ICO.
Ill H A f11( IK VI N.
HOWL AND it ASPINWALL,
GOODHUE St CO.
HECKSCHER' COST AR Sc MATF1CLD,
MASTERS. MARKOE k CO, /
TKAVERS A LEUNDU,
JOHN L AIDLAVV St CO.
On the eremite of my arrival at Albany, I called
n Mr. Willis Hall, the Attorney General, of the
tateol New York, ut hm lodgings, bnt did not jce.
i n until the following m .rum*, at *di ml IR
'clock, at hie office. I stated to him the dinasp.iua
t nnsequs iicrt which would enaue If my re
iovaItr*s attempted II advised me not to act
i?h or hastily. lie informed ma that Marshall
. Roberta, Henry W Harm*, and J hn ('
randt, had recently heen at Albany, and while
i re espresied ho-tilit' to me; and that lioli. r<?
id undervalued the ncrviri I had rendered to
in party, and ridicule ' the idea that the cmpl< y it
of Hi" mm fro n Pin ilrlphis . >? i.ficre
a* it had been repre??nte?t; and that Rob< rt?
atcd to hiru. that moat of tiie men, placid under
la charge t? rote i? the Ki th Ward, d< retted
!na; and th.it th<? fart, and other matter*, had as
understood him to aav, been communicated to
orernor Ssward. N .ortly pfter my ntuin/rom
ibany, I mrt Mr Hrandt in Chatham street, and
li a cooreraation woh him in relation to the
liters i.f irlurli Mr llall h.ul Informed in lie
Im:tfed, f- nerallr, the tru'h of Mi* n'afemrnt a*
J* by Mr flail t > me. Af.er m W rvplanations
> me, Mr Hnult ?ai<! that lie would write to
overoor Seward nrio . diatily, an I endeavor to
uinteracf ar.y unfavorable irnprr ?fon whteh he
idcrea^J .'/taint me A U-w daw after thi) inrview,
I ?K?in ?aw \fr Ifra ult, anil be informed
e he ha I written to th? (Inventor on the r>uhj*ct,
l'?n ?aw Mr Itohi rtt., rind ncem d hirn of iitNmye
g to injure n?", by undervaluing the vervicea I
id rendered t? thepvty. lie did n t deny it,
i- tho .tatum-it f ih- eonveraa'ion with Mr.
i 1 b- fore referred to ,\f er my interview with
e AM on?T General, I tailed on Q vernor Sew
I, at hi* chamber*, at the cupitil; he appointed
>t afternoon. at fo.ir o'clock, to ace r.ic at hia
iti r. I went at'he appointed time, and con?id?
able r t. > r?a'i n enm it We had rur inferi
nr in th" Urge h?!l; h win >e ited on ' in- "f tin
t< r<. At Inn thrnlh-r I told htm of the ru.
it* that w< re ifl 'at aa ti hi) inten inn to r-iuove
?, and inquired whet Vr thrre were an) charge*
vferred egain?t m?; if ao, for what, nod Hy
1 to! He raid that there waa much nppoaitioa
me; that he had received great many noonyin'
fetteia; thit at tlm time of my appoiatmet,
if I >r * me time afterwards, there wat hut one
ling. and that feeling waa uninimon# in mv
ror; and a >w every one vra* urging my r.moval,
\r
He Inferred to the app iutment|of Mr Ubi Or 3
the Fiftur Inspector, ur>tl said th.it at th*- ti ne <
li: 1 appointingnt it "em-riMs condemned, hi
Tint lit.: iiujiIC i< 1. : i. ? bill become d Cldcdl
in hi-, (av-r. 1 1 t till- . iV 1 r It 1.1 tiiiu of my d?
votnn and services to th, \VU:? party?cf some <
the circumstance* attend IK,;. nt.d the chur.irter (
those servicos, { referring to tho election Iran i*
complained that I ha I born c.mdnutiuj untie .rd
J alluded to the representations about the enamel
ution of my Kerrici'*, in reference to those frauds
made, a.- 1 had understood, by Roberts end olh.-ri
1 .showed him the letter from lb - merchants ao
de tiers in tbctride 1 diJ not deliver ntr use an
other letter A young loan, 1 belies c name
t?< (Joey, and I 1 link a clerk in the employ of liei
John Lloyd, interrupted our in crview, wine
was by no meant satisfactory. '1 In- nuxliuoriiiu
1 left Albany and returiu d to New York A fes
days af er rn return Iroin Albany, 1 obtained am
forwarded to (o \i I.nr Si-.i inl I. it. I. from (ieii
Doughty, George \V. lliuen, mid David G i.th.un
Jr. K??|uirf%. 1'Uc loiter of General Doughty i
tt follows :?
Ni.w V.iiii., Janusi y ? 1341
His Excellency W? 11 * Sew'AiiD
D -sr Sir?11 ning 1.-t. -ij.ii" l it -r At in ?li? appoint
l\ \ went of Mr. J i ui ti Ola .!? rth to tht otl?<*i he no?
k I h. I ! iqJ undent* ; th lilpocillot to re
wove bim, it in iv not In mil for ma >.,y M m
thing on ?h * i' i ct Mr G ui ti m IBM to IIM,
close pilltic.ll . .111.1 It is UHliece ..m i
o ray I found him a ?> ill. lent coadjutor. li . lik<
any s If, w . > a see d rlmm (In Jackson ranks, aulas
cisieti to orgiuu/e that nody cd r.t i, tUe It ink anil Fib
fatly, to who'.' rM'iuiNi., iii 'iv thui to uny other, tli
i predominancy of the ! u'y j . attributable. And I had nl
ways ?tip; jn',1, tint ins (xtraot.Unary exertions u i-n
f foil ml i I in prim ij V t ni thus situated, in. 1 w hoi
w< btiTc known 19 he fai hful, and who had been re
u urded lor his sei tu n w ith an oilier, should not, in my
itUTuhl opinion, 1> * diswis .ml Ujsui i lie i uiiior, or accu
nation without piocf. If persons have mad. chuig,
' against him (and I und. rutun l they have) vitally alfect
ins !.i< reputation, andwh'.h, it true, should not only
I vro.luc l.u removal fiom etti 'e hut consign him toevir
li'tintf disgrace. they ow. it to vr.ti. to tin insi Ives, to tin
party, and aUove all to Mr. Glentwoith, to luhstantiati
them, by irrcfragible testimony?to admit their falsity
or to w ithdraw th. m. 1 l ave my self heard vaiions rn
in >rs n spirting Mr. < . but as > et liav e i.ot been able U
find any evidence oltheir truth. A id it is a seriotii
matter to dismiss from olfi. e.c tie w horn y otirsi If appoint
eJ, and who I,a I been intimately connected with tin
(party, and closely conversant with its operations Irotr
iis first organ!/ ition, and should not, in my humble judg
ment, be dano, unless you should furnished w ith in
Jdttbitahle evidence of faithlessness, incapacity, or
treachery. I have the honor, 4te. See.
OF.OllGE 9. DOUOll TV.
Having know Mr. (> unl. i ton same circumstances
' a? those ref rre 1 to by G. n.'l. D , I most fully coucur in
I the suggestions contained in his lettr l
DL'DI.KV SF.LDKV.
tj Both the letter* from Messrs Briton and Graham wers
r. ad to me anil .led Tne last numed gentleman, 1 dc
not believe, hud th i.mot. vt i.l a that any frauds had
been perp. truti d They wete strong in my commends.
IJUII. III. O III II * ItllltT 6| uhL' UI till- ll'ipim till Ills o! 11
imr?on.il friend u bum lie u voruti I for otiictt. and whom
fie named of coin mi 1 conti uited hit distinguished reputation
nnil s'tsinmonts with nnotlicr person, whom il
was confi I nth thought would succeed in obtaining
hi* api>oiiitmi nt. 11 spoke of the latter as having pro
/ iluced ?ome very tiad translation* Itvm Kreneh works.?
Is refer ring to me. he directly, and distinctly, alluded to
the rumor* charging mo with participation in the election
frauds, an 1 oif red, I think, som rtusons to palliate
tin sumi on my put. The letter was every thing
1 desired; it was scaled, and handed me at Mr. Brum's
residence, and I forts aided it. by ira 1. to (Jovernor Sevaid.
Atiout a ssei k or ten das s afterwards, Mr. Brut'ucaliid
to see m*; I wus out . he left svord that he
wished to see me. A- er dinner 1 ss'cnt around to lus
house, and he took a le'l r from his pocki t, which lie
sail wo* from (Javeinor Sess ard. I think ho said, that
lie could not allots- me to reo 1 the letter, as it referred to
other math rs Th? G rvernor desired Mr. Erin n to say
Sto m?, that I n- ed take ro further tronhle, or give mylelf
any uneasiness . i.eut my ri moval. -r to this > tP ct.
The object I have in view, in alluding to this rorre*
poudence, (and which, under ordinary circnm tunci-s, I
would consider ins-iol ite.) of Mr. Bittun w ith (Jovernor
? Seward, is to establish the fact ol (ijv.rnor Seward's
know ledge of my pule ipation in the frauds that were
I Jierpetrated on tie i lect s e franchise, at the election that
elevated him, o i l rrt nud/rum thrrily ofXetc Yurk.four
I whig mrmhm of Congrrtt, tu o State Smatori, and thirteen
members of th< Irgi-lituie of th' Sta'r ; besides a'l thr
county appointments,aud thu- securing to thr u-htg psrty, thr
entire patronage of the S'atr.
City Intelligence.
Statistics or I ppr.it Police?We learn from the
active superintendent ol 'lie pr.sun department of the
Upper Police, Charles Bird, K-q , that during the
. past year there were confined in the l"pp? r Police
office twenty sew n hundred and seventy six person-",
and during ihe same period there were/ire hundred
atitl ninity sir lost children brought to the office,
most of whom, except foundlings, were claimed?
the emainder were sen' to the Aim* House in the
Park. This re'uru makes it lully evident that the
Upper Police office is of great c wvenience to the
itizens in the outer portions oi the city and the establishment
of on- ( u the northwestern part of the
town is duily becoming necessary.
,1 St-dots Dtirn iiiiih Disease or IIkviit.?A titan
named John Hog.in, n native of Ireland, was taken
suddenly sick on Saturday tnorning last, and not
having the comforts of .a home, was sent to Belle
%ur uonpiiiii uv /vKirriiiaxi LrfM?n?ru ui mr i.\iniii
ward, but died before reaching it. A poet mortein
examination of the body by I ?r James I lyslop resulted
of a verdict of " died front disease of tlie
heart "
Suicide ?v CrTTiNc; tit* Throat.? A man, named
Dower Corson, cut hi* throat with a razor, vihtle
laboring under mental excitement on Sunday week.
Dr. Cockcroft was immediately called in. and having
dressed the wound, it had the appearance of
healing, without causing death, lie continued to
improve until Tinned.ty morning last, when, from
his previous habits. It- was attacked with delirium
tremens, and died the saute day. When asked the
cause of committing the deed, lie stated that he
*' w as tired of life and trouble, and wished to nd
himself of more of it " The Coroner's inquest returned
a verdict in uccordacce with these particulars.
Attempt to Ciif.vt \ Somt lion.?A man
named William Campbell, entered the Chamber
' street Saving Fund yesterday, and presented the
bank book of Joint I. lirannn, and demanded the
amount of #180, that was entered on it to Branna's
credit. The teller having been previously notified
of the less of Branna's bank book, immediately refused
to pay the sum demanded, and sending torot
ficer Bow yer, had hint arrested, and upon examination
he was fully committed for trial.
Avothkh Scdoen Death.? A young woman
named Bridget Mulchi, aged twenty years,died in a
very sudden manner on Sunday morning. She had
been on a visit to her grandmother. Mis McCirath,
at No It Marion street, for the past I w days, and
on Sunday after a short vvalK was taken sick, and
died in a lew hours. An examination of the body,
resulted in the opinion, that she died ol a sudden in(lamination
of the bowels Coroner's verdict, ac
cordingly.
Hals. Thiei .? A man named John Murrow, alim
Murray, was arrested on Sunday night, while in tin
act of stealing an ov rcnu'. \ allied at v'21, trout th?
house of Chester l'ngg, No. t;"^l Broadway, lit
was committed at the uppt r police office.
The 11 iohw \v lit i,i ky Ci-i. ? 1 he three yout'!
men arrested on Vwr Years evening by Jut
lie- Taylor and ollic r A. M. C. Smith, tor commit
ling an await! and ball ty an I robbery on 1 ?anie
Bewinghottse, tin- k i r of nn e.vltibiti m ot de
formed tnim t s. t,i .so. 13 Bowery, were examinet
y.-rterdhy bclore tan c* 1'arker, and tully commit
ted f< r . Their t, i-,i> art lohn I. >rd, Willian
Mah-r i.mrWiliuuii Paik.-, not Sparks, as |>r; viout
Jy staled.
A aroma Ml' . ? !ot k yla < Is t night, the par
liculurs of ".vine i wi I b ^:v n to morrow uioiutttg
MrtAti itni.v At i-nT -tin S tturday, tbc ltd
nit. tlit* m hoom-rCilhiriis, of Forked Rim, N. J,
Cap'ain Jihit Bntiuia, dm -g the sionu raging a
that time, was mat K her w.ty for Sandy Hook
whether bow tint shrouds t\ iwav. andwlul.
k wa< maimed wish entiie ot In- iu-ii*mi t?
ktng;iih>r jil?. nt (m" fell hw ?op nil vnmcieti
( kin .r a pori'i ini h?r c irgn ami lite caption Capl
15 l>?\ >m:eil t?>I,' ??' ?. < 'n.i-, nm. t? p
l?j nil who kr it- M .1
Pa?" Aof ?o? c ? vui?". s ri t m h? .?The Koyi
tVla'l Sleaini rs h.n. tlmrin,r the \ en , pcrforme.
their trip* agreeably to ail vrrlitt nit Mr, wit hot
ny interruption wl.iti-rrt, a: d ciHiecqu. n I. cai
e.td ? ut the "rigi i.il . i lln liu' uittith.
?t mi cerThe
following tub I limit? the time of ,t-ri ral an
the length ef tor pa* .1 . , wilhont elteuctn; th
time ofdetenti 11 it tin.'fax ?fr: ci itcamer, ?i'ir
the line com oene d runni tr- j*t? aye ramtah.i
ago. It I he ?"tn tiitiMtv y h it# in.til , liven!'
nine v >ya,'e?, and the :trt 1-41 tim oei tip it <1
th'?e paf**?t'S t# lotuln u il.it ? a nt ttven y tint
kouri.
Bi itannia an it 1 I J tit ii 1 l layt c bo ut.
Acadia " An: 17. 10 il " li *
B'iiar.i.ia " Scj j7, ' in IS " li u
Caledonia * (i t i, ' in 1.1 ' t?j ?
Acadia " Oct 17, ' In IJ u li *
Britannia " Not *, " in IS " 12
Calf lot ia - X.'i In, in 14 SI
Acadia ' i-.'cst, 01 ) " a '
Coluintna " Jan 11. |r l. in :ii " 10 "
Britannia " 1 ... in 17 ' li
CaleitnUM * "4.1, i?'t ' in ' 'aj iO '
Aeadin " A,.r 7, ii 14 '~|J '
Colli rutna " A| r 11, " in 1, ' tat
Biilannii M M y h, ' in ia ' p?
Caledonia Way I!1, i.i II " |J
Aeali> " In 1 It ' 11 "
t'abpBlM 1 ' Jen 17 ii 11 P.
Br!**)nin Jul) . 1.. 1,5 ' I j
Cale'oi-la u Jul' 17 i. It t'l
T n.l 1 a ' A .1 1. In IJ " U
It.. luubi.i A : V.' ' i n It " I*
Britannia *' M |.r .* ' Jn i'i | i
fUInJonj* ' H | t |<, ' in n ?
A4a?>/? 14 O t ' in In 13
CwluMbl* 44 Oct il. ' iit 14 u In
Bi.tasma " Nor J, 44 in 17 " to '
r,?l'j'?iO?a 44 Nnv in, * in U M (? ?
A. a iia " I)ec 7, ' i:i H *4 f?j ?
u l?.C 31, 14 in l'j " 21 "
" SEW YORK HERALD.
) \?"W lurk, I'litHilny, Januniy 4, isia,
A ><\\ k'oi'k liui.n t In Piill.t Itlphlu.
i' Persons wishing to subseriheto the ' AYw Km* l.mrtt"
^ in PbiU>M|'hi i, will please leare their namei arit] ad'
r_ li. -sat tin olliceof the Herald, No. ?7 DocU street
n here single copies will alio be fora<ile.
s'. (G. I). ZIEBF.R, Agent.
j ??
v \<w York ami AUnuy Hullroatt?-The
i( Course ofthe ' Com ler mill Kii<|iilrei"
1 lie i.ouner am! I.-njuirer lias at last come cut
hi favor of a railroad from this rity direc' to A. jany.
7 This is it circumstance that calls for some coinJ
nient.
Regularly every mouth, for tlm last six yenrs, and
I almost every week, the "New York Herald" has
been coiling th" attention of the people of this city
to the t.ri at importance of a railroad direct from
vw York to Albany; and pointing out the immense
' i lvanta'' that would result to every class of our
f citi/.eus Irotn the construction of such a road,
and the gn at lo a and disadvantage- that must ot
i erssity accrue to this city atid all its inhabitants,
i s lonlJ a railroad be completed b 'tween Boston and
| Albany, before we had constructed one from the
la ter place to New York. Just as regularly, and
with as much vehemence as it was capable of using,
h it the "Courier ?V !i i jaircr" assailed all the pro;
ta for the construction ofa railroad direct from this
i city to Albany,?opposed all such plans by every
means in its power, ridiculed the idea that suclt a
railroad would ever pay interest on its cost, and that
any profit resulting from the same was entirely out
ot the question between this and the day of judgenient.
' l p to this time the whole of the energies of the
"Courier" and its partisans have been expended
on the New York and Erie Railroad, which,
1 though it will be valuable when completed, will require
two years of time and a very large amount of
money to finish. The cause of the present change
in the veiwsof the "Courier" is not diliicult to un|
derstand, if we carefully read the article in yesterday's
paper, in which its views are shadowed forth.
It is evident throughout that article, that it was writ>
ten at the instigation of some one connected with
1 tlie New York and Erie Railroad,and that the whole
, of its arguments are intended to operate in favor of
a railroad from Albany to Piermont or Goshen,
thereto connect with the New York and Erie Railroad.
Now let u> look, for a few moments, at the state
of things connected with all ihese matters. It is
now decided, that a railroad must be constructed
without the least delay, direct between this city end
Albany. The only question is, how is it to bo donel
?and on which side of the river is it to be done !?
This railroad to be useful, and permanently valuable
to this city, should he continuous from city to
city?not part railroad and part steamboat. It should
ruu through this Stute entirely, if possible?not partly
through the ^tate of New York and partly through
t iatof New Jersey. It is, therefore, nonsensical to
talk about abandoning the plan originally proposed,
for a line of railroad direct from New York to Albany,
through Westchester, Putnam, Dutchess and
Columbia Counties ; and to substitute, therefor, a
railroad from Albany to Piermont, and a steumboat
from Piermont here. To say nothing ofthe trouble,
tediousness, and confusion arising from the change
of conveyances on the line, there is the insurmountable
fact that, during part ofthe vviuter, a steamboat
cannot reach Piermont on account of the ice. Jt is
true that this dilliculty might be got over by constructing
a branch from Piermont to Jersey City ?
Hilt ?>v??n in thia n isp will hp JpImv iinnii rip.
lay ; the legislature of NVw Jersey must be applied
to, and also, the legislature of New York again, for
the email space that would have to be constructed
between Piermont and the New Jersey State line
And thus delays, and difficulties innumerable will
arise, and two years will elapse before this would be
carried out, and all this time Huston would be carrying
of our trade.
These are the points that are to be kept in view ?
If the inhabitants of that section of the coantry
think proper to commence immediately, the construction
of a railroad from Albany to Goshen, let
them do it There can be no objection to their
making such a railroad on their own hook, llut
the energies and means of the State, or this city,
must not be wasted on that plan?oral least until we
have a railroad direct from here to Albany, on the
east side of the river. The * Courier" says, in this
connection?
" We cannot but congratul ite our citizens, thnt all the
proposed attempts to construct an ordinary, everyday
Kail Road between this city and Albany, have so signally
failed : and we indulge the hope that our capitalists
will continue to turn u deaf ear to every appeal for
uid.ao long as tin re exists a douht of the character ol the
Koad intended to be constructed."
Now, is this the language that an inHicntial journal
ought to hold in relation to a project of such vital
importance to this city! There never has been a
doubt ol the character of the road that was to be
constructed between this city and Albany on the
east side of the Hudson. It was to be built in the
best and most substantial manner that could be employed
; and will be so built, and that too, we trust,
i before the expiration of one year. It c??n be built
in a year, and we trust that all our ci'izens will be'
stir themselves in the matter.
i We have just begun the race in the year H12 ; let
I us not let it clo-"", without our having this railroad
completed. Of its importance to this city a volume
might be written. Let it be remembered that the
lloston end Albany railro :d is now in full operation,
s That everyday, produce 0 finding its way to a market
in Host on, that ought legitimately to find a market
here. That ts the spring advances, and the canal
opens, this trade will be increased ten, twenty?
i aye, a hundred fold. That the associations formed
between tip* merclnnts of lloston, Albany, Syra1
ruse, Schenectady, Auburn, 1! ochestrr, Ve during
this winter, will be strengthed and increased during
^ thesttmmer. And that the ell'ect of all this will be a
,, loss of millions of dollars to this city, before we can
po-^ibly complete our railroad, although we use all
imaginable despatch.
These ire but a lew of the points that might be
advanced in order to arouse the people of this city to
a tens? of their duty in this matter. livery class o(
t our i hi/us are interested in this railroad. Trade
ol ' Very kind will prea'ly increase here when it if
finish'J: wliil t it wi 1 rapidly decline until that p?.
, rml We shall then n ) longer have the lluctua
t ans il l increise in the price of beef, Hour, wood,
u . r<l .'.11 lie eriptions of provisions in fu<*l that we
i w have during four months every winter: this
interests the p > r particularly. On the other hand,
,t ti e \:Huc of i ?; esiate will increase ; and tliu- thti
twi.' re \p i l iv inl ige. In short, all classes?
' t:.- . rcl, u.t, i!i l.?,. lh -lder, the landlord, the no
,i thu ic. even ity p rut man in the community
it w'" !" bearH'trd.
: it 'Lis u li not i'ir th? people of th la city t<
^ actual, i . :li< nutter, we kmw not what will.
?> Li i.i-r \tcri: or St. v York-This venerable
booy i.it a ts t y .a Albany, and a more important
- nun tin n it b? u lield lor niauy yi ars. lot-ma.
improvements?the reorRnn zation of State credit?
the re trgam/.at t o, he Criminal Seaeions of thii
eily?a n peal oi the liegistry law?a review of thi
banking system?aud many o?her subject* willoccu
py th :r itt'-n'i m. We hive eveiy renn n to be
i.? that th p; t legislature will act witligrca
prudence and c. ooineriee tion
I.'iUo Mournrir.?Thi < popular Tltgliah nobiemn
lilt this cry vm-play ' r i'lrla ! Iphia, where h
intnide i'' tying a lew days, previous to bis depai
lure fVr Wadiingt' n After examining th 'move
me lit ot tie v. ,o ti.. if gov ?i viuei.t awhile nt W,\ -li
tngton h- w.! <: n itiue his journey as far ?> nth ..
Sew < trh-sfs.
-mm lii.Msr > ?Th s edition of the Herald wa
mt p ib' it -! ,'aM S mdajr, on account ol >.' *
> .!?' h tpp m "U S itnrday, the day pt- i,
*?? ' - t id.'.;.. ' a ' ' cm '' .y. it wi 1 a; , .
as usual.
The L?aneet.
The fir.-t number of this medical journal w-aa pubidled
yesterday, and appeared to five general -atisiction.
An immense numb-r of subscribers came
ouring in, and it is worthy of remark, that the work
' ids fair to be as popular amongst the non-professional
pubbc as the physicians. Well, this is not
' to be wondered at. Have not every man and woman
in the community wot bodies to be preserved in
health, as well as souls to be saved, and should tin-y
not manifest anxiety about the one as well as the
other T We hope that all tins is indicative of a
crowing spirit of inquiry into the Uws and functions
of the animal economy, which will divest the science
and practice of the healing art, of all that mysterious
gloom amid which the uneducated and incompetent
practitioner, as well as the bronzed empiric,
have made merchandise of the public health.
The present number of the J,uncet contains the
in-ill a rrrifo ui reviews wim.ii win cmui?*-?the
w hole course of Lectures on Surgery by l'r.
Morr. This gentleman, it is well known, stands in
the front rank of the eminent surgeons of the day,
and as the record of his enlarged experience and
profound skill, has never before been given to the
world, these papers niiiit render the journal extremely
popular. Lectures by Professors Kevere, Pattisor,
Beck, and other able teachers in this city and
throughout the Union, are also announced as forthcoming.
These reports will constitute a very important
feature in the Ijwcrt, and will, we venture
to predict, secure for it a widely-extended circulation
Practitioners and students will thus obtain for
three dollars annually, avast amount of matter, perhaps
otherwise altogether inaccessible, or presented
in ponderous tomes, whose dimensions and price
would necessarily exclude them from the hands of
the great mass of the Profession. B-sides Professors
will thus be brought fairly before the eyes of a
discerning public- !?otne of the most valuable discoveries
of the greatest physicians and surgeons o'
the Old World, were lirst published in this way in
the London Lnnctt.
Then we have in the present number of this
journal, notices of several new and valuable medical
works-reports of the Clinique?cases in private
prnctice, and a great variety of interesting und valuble
practical matter extracted from the Foreign
Journals. In his first leading article the editor thus
states his principles and objects.
CV' lathe first place, the i, we will he perfectly independent.
Wo unuiiiu lavors from any man, or body of
men. We have 110 purposes to serve apart from the general
good of our profession. We are free from all feel
ings of parii/anship?we are bound to no petty clique?
we have no local interests to advance and defend. Our
grwat objects in assuming the solemn responsibilities
of our present position Bre to diffuse among the num.
bars of our ('profession in this vast division of the vaitli,
11 large amount of such practical information, as is at pre
sent entirely beyond the reach of most of them?to elevate
and purify the character cf the profession?to remove
popular prejudices and errors?to give permanent
record to the multitudinous experience of practitioners
throughout the entire Union?to act as a medium of
communication with the Oi n Would?arid to represent
the important intl'tuneus which emanate from tins great
centre of national intelligence, so fur as they have a bearing
u|K>n the medical proi'ossion."
Such designs carried out with steadfastness and
zeal will ensure success, and will in time exterminate
quackery, and " purge to a sound and vigorous
health," the medical professionG
lent wo writ's Disclosvres?The Morals of
Politicians.?We give to-day several scenes from
the brochure just published by Glentworth, developing
the interesting movements of a certain political
clique in this city, during the years 183S and 1S39.
They are well worth reading by every peison of
mature age and unsettled thoughts.
This singular pamphlet may be considered in a
variety of aspt cts. 1st, its literary merit?2J, its
originality?3d, its morals?1th, its development el
the vagaries of human nature?5th, its capacity to
he dramatized and represented at the Chatham and
Olympic theatres.
Its literary merits are not equal to those of the
elder dramatists, or even the modern novelists, beginning
with Scott and ending in Dickens. Glentworth
is somewhat inferior to Shakspeave, in the
arrangement of his characters?in the management
of his plot?and in the quality of his language. His
thoughis and incidents are, however, equal in originality
to any rascality in the historical plays of the
great bard of Avon. His langutge is simple?just
enough, and no more ; but we dot?!>t whether < Jleatworth
will Q'>t be forgotten before Shak^penre.
But of all the characteristics of this strange development,
perhaps its morale is the most philosophical
and original. Glentworth and his respectable
associates, including Noah Cook and li s coat turned,
seem to haw taken more pains and expended
more money, to make themselves what they are,
than would have enabled twice the number of hone-t
men to have become rich and tret to the Mayoralty.
There is a great want of economy in the
practice of rascality in the present age. lime is
Glentworth himself now reduced to poverty and disgrace
by his n?sociition and Hgenev in these " operations."
Suppose he had exhibited the same skill
in the honest ways of business, he might not have
a-socialed wi'li so "very respectable people," as
they cal! themselves, but he would have enjoyed
character, comp-tence and comfort at this day, at
iiisown fireside. Iluior, integrity, and enterprise
arc the on'y materials for a sound and lasiiug reputation
in society. Calumny and falsehood cannot
shake a character founded on such principles, liven
the wry men who were associated with Glentworth,
and who may be now in the enjoyment of
office and reward, will have one day to come down
from their giddy heights, and take rank with their
agent in the lower walks of societyAgain?The
developments of Glentworth are confined
to politicians; but if we could g-t a peep into
the interior of banks, the same lax morality would
be discovered?the same want of honesty?the
same recklessness of character and of principle.
Th<* great and gross demoralization which has
spread over the land for the last few years, have
sprung from the politicians and financiers. They
have corrupted and debauched the country?they
have disgraced the American rapuhlic in the eyes
of the world. Politicians may deny the truth of
Glrntworth's developments, bo' the public at large
?the great muss of ihe two parties, who are honest
?believe almost every statement lie makes, l ive
ry tiling concurs in Giving ttirm creuioitity?a ia it
i is the more melancholy thai it it so.
What then ig to be done ? Aye, this i-3 the qnes'
tion, tru'y. imok at the state of the political press,
and see how thoroughly base and corrupt it is. No
, good can eome from that quarter. Kvery political
, paper seems to be the organ of deception and impudent
impostures?and, when an independent journal
, lift up its hend, and tells " the truth, the whole
. truth, and nothing but th<* truth," they tall upon it
and attempt to destroy its character and circulation
hy every species of lilf' hood, calumny and libel.
From this state of tilings nothing em deliver us but
, a large shower of lire and brimstone from heaven,
or the representation ol the scents in a dramatic
spectacle at some of the theatres. I. -t us have nn
' original drama. JCdicnle and tire, sarcasm and red
' hot btiinstone, will only cure the morals of tli age.
' (ilentworth's disclosures will form the basis id tw o
' or three live act plays?a couple of farces in one a> t
each?besides three original sc ;es, six eontrs, anJ
halt a melo drama.
1 \i ,ruo>t Ai ?\*v?We are iniurni'd that
t it was with the " ?un," not the "Courier," with
which ,m arrangement was secretly made to run an
n exclusive ex;?rc-? from Albany, by the way of Goshen
and the t rie Head, to this city, with the Governor's
Message, The arrangement was made
. without the know 1 dw. of tic Company, and w?
^ liave authority I t statmr ihat the Company will
4 now bring if dow. tn-.vght forth* whole newspupei
pr< e*. Tins is r "lit and prop? r 1 lood
is Csii.s i re* T'ir M wen ?We understand that
v Mi" Mayor's otlice a is crowded with vi-iter* on
\ w- Yr.ii's Pay. I v-ty thing pased ?tl'adm r il>!\
t ''nn w.:s r" improper b-hav.er, us lull' e re.
p itcd.
Cuilotu Fncccdlap ? the Court of SW"
lone.
Ye.iterdav, Mr. Justice Noah delivered one of the
moat curious and original charges to the Grand
I Jury, that ever ha- signalized the administration of
justice, from the time of the famous Justice Shallow,
who aat upon the bench in the at?e of Sir John Fal- '
statf We have received from his Honor 3 copy of i
the charge, which we annex.
Judge Noah, from the tenor and character of his L
charge, considers himself as a sort of President of ['
the republic, and actually calls the Grand Jury hts
"cabinet." To this "cabinet" he hag delivered a
message, embracing almost every thing under the
sun?and especially the "money articles" of the
newspaper press. The Judge, with great drollery,
condemns the (rauds, failures, and misconduct of
banks?and in the next breath is especially severe on
th" newspaper.-, because they warn the public against
such corrupt and shaving institutions. Pray, what
is the amiable J udge driving at 1 Does he intend to
prevent all pressures in the money market 1 How
comes his message to blow hot and cold in the
same breath 1 < 'ne important point he has forgotten.
Why did tie not give us his opinion on the repudiation
of the State debts 1 or does he leave that subject '
to the Governor of Coney Island exclusively 1
But enough?it is well, perhaps, that the legisla- '
ture meets this day?und to them we commit this
message, and the re-organization of the Court of
Sessions. Here is the curiosity:?
<3. vr, ,?, nw T.it- 13. . I.... Il i. ? -r.
interest in the criminal jurisprudence of this city nud ii
county to know, that during the year which h.m jint tl
dosed, there have been 10d7 persons tried for various of- t<
fences by this Court; and during the previous year, 133.-4 r
cases, shew ing an increase ol -d-lsi indictments ; lioin r
which it may he inferred, that crime progressively in- tl
creases with the increase ol our population. The calen- tl
Jar, lor the present term.?in braces several cases of nn o
portaiice, hut is not unUsually large for the season , and tl
whatever impressions may be made on the public mind, w
ol a relaxation of the necessary vigilance on the part ot c
the proper authontirs, 1 am bound injustice to say, that h
such impressions are erroneous ; the vigilance of the m
I'olice Department co itiiiues unabated, and the Watch is w
properly and efficiently organized. Reforms, embracing al
a considerable addition to the existing numerical force It
ol t)M Police, an 1 consequently involving additional an t hi
heavy expcudiluies, it is understood are in coutempla- ai
tion ; but such t efoi ms, it is believed, are, ut this time, of t>
questionable policy. Substituting un annual salary for ci
Police Ollicers, instead of lees, and thus t qualixing Uieir tli
pay and duties, arid gradually iucreuaing ill-ir number m
and the number of the Watch in an annual ratio with ti
the inciease ol population, wotil 1 seem to be all that is hi
required to Streng'hen this branch of the public service, gi
You will And, gentlemen, that the greatest amount ol vi
your labors will be devoted, as usual, to complaints ol' ii
assaults and batteries. The Court lias pressed upon the bi
consideration of the Police Department the cxpeiidiency la
of sending all those complaints, excepting in aggravated ei
cases, for the prompt decision of the Cuuitol Special rii
Sessions, and thus relieve the Grand Inquest auj the w
General Sessions, of a great amount of arduous labor, io ly
disposing of ensca of petty quarrels, costly to the sc
county, and of no interest to the public. At the pr
September term of this Court, the Recorder, in his
chuigeto the Grand Jury, brought to their cousi le- ol
ration the greet disproportion of paupers in this city sa
and county, to those, in other counties and sections of Gi
the State. You are immediately interested, gentl. men, ar
in giving your attention to this subject, because, pauper- an
ism to any great extent is the parent of vice, and vice of an
crime; it is also a subject which in every country is m
deemed of the highest importance, uud finally your in- pu
tercst and the interests of your fellow citizens as tax he
payers, admonish the necessity of investigating the th
causes?looking to the expenditures, and ri commend- cu
ing measures of reform In the almshouse, lunatic >'
asylum, penitentiary, bridewell, und on the Long Island mi
farms, nearly four thousand persons are supported at lit
un annual expense of $230,000, besides nearly (7U0U for ry
private charity, and the only revenue derived from so
these establishments, is $10,000 lor the support pr
of illegitimate children, bonded passengers, L'ni- mi
ted States prisoners, Sic , and $10,000 uppropna- mi
ted by the State for ths support ol foreign poor. l?i
When we take into consideration, that the annual ex- w]
ponditures of this city will not fall short of 'one mil- pn
lion live huudred thousand dollars," to w hich will soon ca
b e added the interest on twelve millions of dollars of lej
water stock, which in some yeais may net net throe per
cent to the city, it is worthy of consideration, in what
items can oiir municipal expenditures he reduced It is
a reflection on our want of economy and good manage- aft
ment, that several thousand paupers and prisoiieis,
maintained by the public, many of them aide bodied
persons, who should not, hy their productive labor and ll,f
industry, repay a portion of (he annual expenditure tor of
thuir support. In the city of Boston, the produce of the ?
farm in vegetables, milk, and other agi iculliir.il niv v ?'
ducts, bcsiJes tha roaolis of mechanical laboi. . -satr t f
the tax for the support of the poor, comparntivi
The excellent management of the alms houses
tenliury in Philadelphia, greatly rcduco the
tax, and a system of rigid economy in the mat <-? ' I
of public charities appear to prevail in almost e\ei ? ui;
but New Vork. While prisoners are well fed, and com- H,1
fortably provided lor, without labor, they never desire tIn
to change their condition ; and it frequently happens,
that released one day fiom the |ienitentiary, some
new crime brings them within its walls the next day. Kt
It is for you, gentlemen, and is part of your duty as mem- v.
beis of-the grand inquest, to bring this subject, as often 1
as it may be necessary, to the consideration of the public 'h
autlioi incs. If our municipal sirairs were released from [||
the violence of party spirit, and conducted without
reference to this test, ecenoiny, good government, permanent
systems, and a healty condition of things, w
would be the inevitable result. It may be well to me n
tion here, ix rel'erenceto the support ot the poor, that the
state of New Voik In twenty years, has received five III
millions of dollai* from the auction tax of this city, and i. ,
has only opproptia:ed in that, the sum of $d oO iski lor the
sup)H>rt ol foreign poor. Keeping in lniml. the munili \<
cent appropriations lor vniious pur| osee, public and pii- m,
vale, made hy the legislature,in which tin- city h.in had
no direct interest, we may indulge the hope, that at
no distant period, the legislature, contemplating the K
heav y expenditures ol the city government, inny be wil
ling to allow us to receive the au tion duties, to w hich,
in a mi a?nre we are entitled, fsr the support of our |?>or- ell
This desirable measure, however, can only be brought
about by respect lorthe supreme power ol the state. Hiid
Obedience to the law a, and not byclaimingthiacity.tobe til
a free city.independent of legitlativ. control,or its inhabitants
liTtug under the dilapidated provisions el a royal
| charter. It is a subject of deep regret, gentlemen of the
(fraud J -ry.to know,that cases may probably bo present- Tl
ed to you during the present ti rm, of fraud, e.orrup- v<
lion, defalcation and peculation in ottice, in ronm-c- .
tion witli private tiusts and public institutions, in- '<
v olving the i haracter of mm who have hithrrto sustain- qi
ed lair reputations in society. if in relation to ineoi porated
institutions, the losses fell only on those entrusted w
with their management, there would be no claim to public
sy mp.vthy, but the atiuse of the trust confided to them, di
while it indirectly all'eetf the character and en dit ofothi l C
institutions, fall* heavy on the innocent holder ol their si
securities. The law guarding against such abuses, and I'
punishing ?uoh delinquencies, i? fully ad qui'eto meet C'
the cases w hich m iy ne the subject ot complaint before ai
you. It is not the lot m.-r high character of the ollt rr, n
| uor the wealtli and influence of the man, that should ni
I shield them from indictment, if there are snfllcient g
j grounds to | at tlii in on trial, or Ironi punish.ucnt, it It - u
| gaily convtcti d. The lave has no respect for pt.r- tl
son* ; end if men will disregard public opinion, q
abuse their trust, plunge into the commission ol ri
crime, jeopardize their reputation and liberty, together
vitn the happiness and comfoit of their fa- ti
milies, they must be ready to met t the cons, qucnccs.? 1.
B it, g< n*! men of tlie t fraud Jury, w hile it i? y our duty i
to pie -:.t tha nitty la Jtwk eases,than i< anothci ii
i viewot this subject which demands your s nous con (
: sidera'.ion. The constant and daily attacks m iking by
It |?UIU>'UUt tin ( Ullt J ?UI li lilt UU till l*Utl lOg 111 till II i
tiotis of tin' State nml city, ami iml: i .1 ol tin whol< a
Union indiscriminotely, in what purport! to be tin ti p
" Monty Article," art' producing incalculable injury to
the innocent holder* ol stork many ol li in wi'oe.a
anil minor*, ottd are creating terror and constant panic
in the money m it kct. Hank notes are tluoivii buck up n
the assailed institutions for imn * diate r empticti tu
l?cic, an J the direct*! s in jo at apprehend,mi ot th eon
aaijueijcta uniformly attending tlirtr attrek.-. rill in J
I their itsuea, curtail their busings op i..tiou an ! thus
i thefair dealer it deprive I of tlia fn iiiti. < te.jniod to '
; a istain In* credit,ami is either driven to the necnntj
nl throtv itig hi.s j sper into the market, at a ruinous dini
count, to meet his liahilitiea, or stop piyruiht at once,
j The in'erporated institutions of our H ati are unilet the
protection of tlm lawa, and public *00 ! at d public entity,
call lor that piotection u In n tin i ate wantonly
| n.saih il. It la no answer, gentlemen > tin tlran l Jury,
! to say, that interfering in this ni ittt r might possibly in- I
vailr the librity ol the pes*. It ia no rcatr <liit onthc lit-er
I ty of tho pre*'i, that, in thu exercise of my own right , I j
i should be prohibited ft m invading the rights of oih< r- |
Liberty of the press cannot eonfrr tie- right ol'ttgma'
Using our country n? a land of banki npts. and our follow
1 eiti/.?Ds ns "iwiiillrrs, bank rold.era, mil cdkiioii
I cheats." 1 >itt1 name uud charactct ahottl I 1 .1 cried
j a cet tain !< rription of property of wliich no man hi ta
! tight t > deptivi us. Kviry free gureriiewnt, th> ref. re,
ilefini s tl. rights of reputation. and l>y legal tnaetinent* I
; prevents tlteit being rerkle??ly infri grd, or crncily
| tr.impl 'd upon. Our Constitution all 'in 1 eitiien ta 1
' ?peak. write and print whatever ho may (hit k tu >jor, ,
J he brisg roapon-ible for the abuses ol the it: rty In
I proportion, therefore, to the magnitnJc sail < vintof | t
' in H pnt ii g< .11. o wnu iaa t . ij.i b? ,
, the legal checks an a punifltnunta of i's aVaie Ai a >
general avion. it may be said, that tve unl> In c in '
1 tbi- countr\ to do, u hut the laiv it. !l loe? not fortid. 1
I hrii.g this s il j ct to ye'ir s.;ice? ennsiJernti en, b
cimc, in my long rtrj ericur", I have never witnoHiid '
?o gr?'..t nn a'. ?? of thi' h , rty of the pri-aa a.' I 1
lie o of U'e iii tlu? ci \ We mint ritln r content to .
1 abiidne tint pn -s, which Mtvailn the tinil nnj in
I nop. nt poitii n of the community for the put pom I
of h dug purchaaed to Hilrnce. or coll far he j mtectioa |
1 of the auong arm of tho lax ai our only a n hi.1:1 drift
i giliiiJ. The remi.ly, gentlemen, it in your hv da. ? I
Wh. ii yen, a-. | rut- ctoro of the jmMIc i? *cr. indlet the ,
libeller* tlila I iurt will not on conviction. ?hrink It ora
1 the duty o! mflictiwr the penalty of the law. Indict>
menu lor obtaining gooda on fulte pretenr ?. continue
to nervate u ith the < inbarraamriita of tradi m.l credit,
1 anil > I'tlhi ie ate lait (car ConvictKMia iii.di > lie .into,
r in .r.. it x mil I ?i m. fiom tin conlletng o; un vol
nrort,in daftnlog clearly and Mtitfacioril) to wlmtivtent
the fraud has keen cairiedout. It wK.no ViM,
the int? ut<on rf th? l.egitlatmc, hy this statute, t make
[ aivindlmg a felony . and thin protect the f-ui I he- ?t
dealer against the adroit nianagrment an ) mi r? pr< ? eta
1 ticno of tno regiti . and the pr iirtple i? W'llattl 1 .mil
; n c gin? I hy the hight ?t legal tribunal. that ,i >-. ;.t
,>r 11? nc * ptvir >1 tfie feed it, the rn? * i? tally tr ' out,
\ : in t icrai recrr.t Irish in this fcuit. tn the
at 'u.e,tii?' J y Lave li'igreod, aai w rc JucU igt J.
l'he Ci.a.d Jur> ul the N vi-m ter lei m in.lien d a pel?
lor obtaining goods undt r false frrlrncM. and within
lew day* past tho co-npl nuuut requ-vted thi* court
enter a nolle prosequi in the cu?e, on the ground that 1
had settled with the in in ulual indicted c'.pjrlt esta' In
ing the fact thrt t .i?| a -t instead of punishing the li 1 n
sometimes, and I m..y a Id fr. i|uently, used to coerct tt
liaymeut of debt through threats of a criminal proseci
lion This is a very dangerous abuse of the s'.atut
which grand jtiiors must guard against. In all tradin
ni'l mercantile operations, owners ol property must ut
i due caution in parting with their goods; the false pi.
encea must be such as ordinary prudence could ut
t'lard against OuCe establish the doctrine that miusgi
nent, adroitness, promises of pay inent hereafn r, or j??
latde (alseohoo l iu trade,can constrtuta the ground o' it
lie t merit for fradulent pretences, a c rim in a 1 prost cu'io
vill be prtlerrej in most c.iSt s to the delay and imeei
ain issuoj of action. This course in a measure, grow
iut of the repeal of the law abolishing imprison
neHt for debt, and in fact revives the alteration r
nai law in a more odium loim; in ono case 'the delito
s only uniottunate and m the other ho is uiadt' ctiminal
Dim ti u?- ground lor the Grand Jury to aidnnr, in eucl
rosea, is the promp'ness with which the complaint i
na.le on tue committal of thi' allegeil frati-1. It consije
able lime haa bten alio vt d to intervene hi fore com
ilaint is made, and negociatioas forsetth ment orcompro
niae have in progress and were not successful, tin- coin
laint should tie cautiously w. iglird by the Grand Jury
n-foie the caR" is made the Mil j- ot of indictment. Law i
gainst the commission ol ciiuie were intended lor ptth
ic protection, and not private convenience. There an
veiul statutes w hich this Court is directed to bring to
aniideration of the Gram! Jury at each term. The law
gainst erecting w ooden buildings within tin fire limit*
L'he law against usury, or taking more than 7 percent
ier annum interest on loans. The law prohibiting the
ale of lottery tickets and injuring numbers in lotu-rits
Pile law against the Grand Jury communicating the fact
f a hill of indictment having been loiind for felony, he
?re the accused is in custody ; and the law protecting
lie purity of Lit ctiou*. The objects and pur(ioaei o
hese laws are well understood by you, and any iutiac
ion of them will no doubt occupy your immediate at
ention. In relation to the sale ol lottery tickets, thirt
t no reason to believe that great abuses exist ; but ie
lie insurance of numbers in lotteries, there is great cauM
j apprehend that the practice is extensive,increasing and
oiuou*,and calls for the interference of the proper autho
ities. Recent trials in this court exhibit the revolting face
I at respectable Citizens keeping exchange oltices in
liis city, have in their employ mvnt as agents, .1 number
f colored men and woni-n 111 several wuids, who pursu*
ie business of insuring numbers in lotteries. Those
rho are I imiliur with the supeistitious character of our
lored population, generally, will not be turprisid to
car, that such is the e\i lit mi nt pCOtluOad on their
nnds, by the hope and anxious expectation of tanking
lint they call a hit, in such insurances, that it ia the
JMirbnig and coiitioliiug subject ofthur thoughts, and
icy exhaust their little means - and in some instances,
?g, borrow or steal to procure money for such insurices.
The result of this practice keeps them in pover
and vice, andfit ia time that the law, w hich i* lull and
inclusive in its operation, should interpose n harrier to
lis ruinous practice. In c-orioboration sf this statecut
it may be proper to add, that the ingenuity of par
es interested in the insurance of numbers in lotteries,
jvu, at considerable expense, invented a line of teleraphic
signals, of colored tires and pyrotechnic conttiinces,
by means of which, the numbers drawn in lottees
in some of the Lantern and Southern States, have
>eu conveyed to this city in a tew hours, and being so
r lu advance of intelligence by mails or express, have
labled the inventers to insure the numbers drawn ut va
ous offices, and for very heavy amounts, most of which
ere paid without suspicion. The prac'ice, extensivepursued
as a business, opens the Joor to every ilenption
of fraud, pauperism, and vice, and should be
omptly put ilowu.
With your powers as members of the Grand Inquest
me vuumy, i uenuve you vre an uiniunr. it was
ill by an eminent jurist, in relition to the powers of
raud Jurors, that "all the operations of government,
ul of its officers, ate within the compass 01 their view
d research. They may suggest public improvements,
d the means of removing public inconveniences; they
ay expose te public inspection or to public punishment,
iblic bad men and public bad measures. There are,
iwever, rules and limitations to the use of this power:
etostimony before you, though rx pnrtt, must be in all
ses strictly legal and competent. Kither of you, from
uur own knowledge ol the commission of crime,
>y bring the subject before the Gran I Jury for its dejuration
and action,but the most approved and salutacourse
in the administration of justice, is to act upon
ch matters as shall be brought Uelbre you through the
oper la w ollicer of the court, and this course w ill, in
jst cases, secure the legality and force of any indictrnt
which you may direct. Vou are, gentlemen of the
'mid Jury, in a measure, tlie Cabinet of this court, and
hile it is our duty to lay before you (acts, in which the
blic are supposed to have an ititetest, we are bound to
rrv out your suggestions and sustain your acts in the
jal discharge of your important duties.
Sir Charles Bagcit.?Sir Charles departs this
ternoon at four o'clock, for Albany, en route for
ontreul. Hie Kxcelli ncy will take the Boston,
dead of the Norwicn rente to Albany, on account
the freezing of the Thames. It was the intention
Mr. Buchaaan, H. B. M 'a Consul, to have given
1 .J . * ' ; # " \ fii-".??
de. Among the gu-ats invited, were His Honor
e Mayor, Cnancelior Keut, Chief Justice Jones,
r. Justice Thompson, and Judge Betts; Right
?v. Bishop Onderdnnk; Admiral Walton, Royal
ivy; Commodore Perry and Captain Newton, of
e United States Nuvy; Captain l.rskine, of the
uftrioue, and many others.
Sir Charles expresses himself so highly delighted
ith his reception here by the Americans, that he
ya he shall hardly know how to excuse himself to
s government for having delayed here so long ns
has. He received numerous calls upon New
ear's, in a manner worthy of himself. He will
sve many well wishers behind him.
The Illustrious puts to sea to-day. All herolli :er.--,
ho have been enjoying the hospitalities of Mr.
aneard since their arrival in port, went on board
ip yesterday. The !!!usfrious i?said to be the first
itish seventy-four that has visited our harbor since
e Revolution.
1'fply of the Piii.mi?e!.piii a Guard Juiiv to
ik Pecisior ok rtir Court.?The following is the
ry excellent and common ?en;e reply of the Phila'lphia
Grand Jury to the dechon of the Court,
lashing the indictment of individuals connected
ith the lute Bank of the United States : ?
The Oranil Jury, previous to lh? ir retiring from tin ir
ities, ask leave to remove an erior into which the
ourt have fallen, in reference to the proceedings against
veral individuals connected with the late Bank of the
nitid Stati s. They respectfully state, that the IVoseuting
Attorney for the Commonwealth was consulted
?.l ?,W-i ...... uilh <v. > ti... ?r.i-? 1
at ion, in regiu j to tin legality ol making the presentlent
; and, further, that th evidence elicited in tho proress
of in.pjiry, wus not made u-e of for the foundation
ftbe charge againit tin prrvou testifying. And that
ie witnesses were made si ti'i'dc that tlicy were net re
uired to give any testimony v. liirh could, in the mo t
emote degree, subject them to a criminal prosecution.
After having the most positive, cl. ar, uml conclusive
stimony of respectable witursses,posse; sing a kno w
dge of the att'aii s of the instiliriou, as to the proiligat'
he.se ofthe trust confidtd by an honest and tinsits," ct
rig body of stockholders, to the persons presents d to tin
ourt, the immense pecuniary le .< ? of our fellow citi
ens, many of them of the must feeble nul dcfeuctlcs
haracter?tho deep stigma e.et upon our ci'y by tin
.Urged violation of duty?nil tug I the Grand Juryti
;ive to this im]>ortant subject flu deepest ? xatnina'iun
This transaction lies no parallel in the liistniy ofoui
ountry, and a failure of sucli \ e, m.gnitti le was n v<
irlore known in the world : it h s injured the credit o
ttu City and ttata abroad, and dishonored h i | oui
ume. If the profligate abuse of in v< at menu is to be , u
i.lerid in society as i mere br. ach of, trust, and thi
pinudering ofthe fun Is ol our public charitii i 1< 1: by
tern vol nt persons for the g-: era! good, cannot he prd
cctedby the arm ofthe lot- if th aged Bre to h '
irivedof their support, accumulated by years of in ?
'y?tho w idow to he in put' 'tithed, and the orphan ti
e left destitute?the soor.i i the community is convince>fit
the better.
Tho excitement ofth p'lhlic ir.i t, const qu?"ceP
base repeated abus. s, u I the doubtf il manag*?*11' 0
>thcrinstitutions, call for pr>>mwt ,.n ! oecisiva action bj
vurcourts of justice to biin;: j>. i ron?. if guilty.''
punishment, That the j, , !.-t.tr rut he? been rpiasly>1
we regret, inasmuch .k it li .* prevented the parties im
i'licetfd, from receive umidia'e, 'air, anil impvrtiu
ii.il. beiott a jury ii i.ni country, and their guilt o
nnocence i stal l, h. i ; ami t'"?t Hpriclud i our pro
t.edingani fujther into ceitain p lice transactions, t
hich th. it. t, t ion ofthe f< irl has been called, and i:
which every citi/-ilia deeply iuteieatfd.
Ticklt Ni?iiT.-Tt?-ni^h:ih" very courteous 4?>o
. f-prrs unci uodfr functioiiftnf ? tlie i'ftrli Ilit*-'.
t ?Ua %? ?!.I. ~ -? K.vtnfif \V"r liii' f t
re, nppm c ^nv HM 1 ^ ? -? v ..??j . .
?e the house crowded : ill p".? ml disposition, o
!ie part of tht door lue;< real ihia theatre, to <
ommodatr the ptib'.ir, sli til J -< ii" such a rrsul
We notice.i very strong bill of ? tt :'aininents; e:
lusive of this, the raii.-e t-lt old el.iim attenti u
We would ptrtir.iUrljr re l.iieml tlu- youo
dooilit about town, who /.re in the hubit of viiiiir
lis theatre, and I ) ndii n; n t! - rnurteey ol tli
>ox keepers to ?.'i'aiii 11 .b! i... to luunife
ilteir gratitude <i ilii-> < i. mn, und, inr once, t
tpproprinte thei dollar i 1 lo" I ivittse.
Mh. IIobnV Con/ritT l.v-r Kvtsiso ? This nit
niliuent festival went oil* 1evening in fiue rt, I
Mad. f*,x 'nr Zalin wa? eno. r d, and banc vet
finely. Signor IV l>,;riit \n 1 Mr. Uraliam, were in
c< red inn duetto run the Jhtbvr of iVvilie ; (
also Mr Hraham, in o. e or wo to!o.?. No one gat
better satisfaction tl. n tli< M- s rs. C. E. Horn n'
C. M Horn, Jr. 1. e y ti. >g wnt in good ins!
nd w-ell condiieteii. Th^r; wis an audience
a tnc fifteen baadred people.
%
'? Vj
?u l>.\hk i'ukAiiu; ? Agrere iy to 'tie card pub.-mef
(? 1Q our paper of yesterday, M'lle Iil-sler appeared fb i
i. 11<- las: lime at the Puik. theatre, la-t night; not
tie "solicitation of numerous parti-a " as f*!seq
i,. aivtrtised in the bil e, but from lirt own feel nj?4i
J liberality to compensate the ni n igement f- (.MM
g lo-'-t it tnay have .-ustained during lit period of iftt
ie indisposition. Her services were gratuitous Ml
.Mr teiinjirron, in whose behalf the lent her inv cab*
? aid, hub been guilty of a misdemeanor in w b
1 inghisacknowledgmentforabenefitreceived,
n the public will not lose sight of. The house UdM
crowded with the aJmirers of M'lle Elsaler, us-19
* hied for the last time to rev.-l in her enchanting p<aP
-f formance 11 the llayadere?at the close of the ear
teriaiiiiiieiit, in reply to the unanimous cull of the
ii house, ihe dansuse appeared and bade farcwJl W
' tlie following feeling address, at the concln- k
. which she was quite overcome with emotion? -i
La die* aicd Gentlemen:?I have come to hid } o\i fatawell?an
alt. Clio n ate, but sail fata well Time an ' spaaa
' will soon rise up between us ; an.t a-n I -h-itinet tosM
yon again, or never to return??1 know not; bu- mm
kh.it may, nothing can rtl'ace the r.oolliction of tmmt
gooani as. It is fieri, (placing her hau l upon h< r heist) >
' and here It will remain, vivid, uncAaiireoiis, and / . nrt
Thus has Mile. Waaler terminate I her caret r li?fe,
and her last generous action has add'-d anoth' i jtw
el to the bright coronet which already encircha hec
brow. While every body will appreciate her 1 bfc- ?
| raiity in playing for the benefit of Simpson they
f will ever recur to his conduct with disgust, who*
they t< ll-ct upon his ungallaut and ungrateful de?
, nieanor on this occasion, in withholding ai aw.
i knowledgtneat from one whs, hy ht reffjr'r, did *
| him signal service last night.
( Latent from Venezuela and Neuva Gaotun.i.-*'
We have received El Vthctolano to the 28 h of ?
veniber. It contains news Iron Bogota to th- 10rb
i of October.
R iohacha had submitted to the Federal G< vrf?meat,
and Ocana had been tuken
The Pope of Rome had sent one <-f 'us emi-'^rief
to the Republic of Venezuela, where he hud i>ee?
very coolly received. The Bishop of Guayon.i had.
taken the oath to the constitution and by so dfnfc.
virtually renounced his allegiance to the Pap *
?
Later from Honduras.?By the grrivt' ,,?<
Florida Blanca, Captain Pederson, we hart*1' ,i
files of the Belize Gazette to the 15 h ult d
contain now news. The markets remained
the same as at last advices.
State or Societt in Maine?Joshua Ciu'a.cef,
aged seventy, was recently tried in Belfast, Vluiae,
lor n rape ! He was found guilty of assault and *
batiery only. William Thompsou, on a eiutitat
charge, was found guilty.
Vice Chancellor's Court.
Before Vice Chancellor MiCoun
Jan. 3?Mulla Margaret Louisa Brotkuin<t ti*. *
John F- Brock imp?This was an ac tion Inst 'uted
lor divorce. 1 ne parties were married at Bremen ?
in 1822, and came to New York in 18'15 Thty Mparated
in 1S37, on account of the husband"* ill
treatment- Slic went to reside with Mr. Mather,
jeweller, Chatham street, as housekeeper. In 18BI
Broekuiup became connected with a woman named
Mary Matthews, residing in Spring street, and
they have been frequently seen together in a manner
that left no doubt as to their guilty set duet.
Divorce granted, a vinculo matrimonii, (from
bond of marriage.)
Marti Richards vs. George Richards- ?Application
lor limited divorce. The parlies were married at
Boston in 1832, and came to this city in 1834 The
wife complains that Richards h i- frequently bent
and ill usad her, threatened her life, and acted m
a disgusting manner before her daughter fcy-a ft>rmer
marriage. Ne is, moreover, ind" lent, and does
nothing towards her maintenance. Divorce
granted, a mansa et thoro, (from bed and b a: d )
John Leopold Libertltom vs. Lucie Juliette Puvrn,
Veuve Ponlalier, his wife.?In December, 183JI, Mr,
1. took bis wife and four young children t > visit
their relatives and friends at Bordeaux, in Fxunfr.
He returned in the May following, having id < bmfly
among his people. In April, 1841, Mrs L also
? * ') '*
1 . f.frO fc#
incneed au illicit intercourse, which v. as continued
afier their arrival in New York. Divorce granted,
a viiisulo matrimonii.
S imucl Men ill vs. SrIJen Riehtilt -This was a
motion to dissolve an injunction on the trar efer of
stork in the Apalachicola Land Company, pleJ-nd
by the Morris Canal Company to t .e State ot inds-'
una ?Motion granted.
IVil/ittU Stars and others vs. Thomas Jessy:
others ? Ibis was an application to prevent money
being paid to receivers. Application denied
Dykers 6f Atstync vs S. V. S. H'il.ler.?This was'a
demurrer to a bill seeking title to assigned proper- ? ,
ty in Massachusetts and else where. Dcmu. rcr ntlowed.
Thomas Francis vs Gregory R.chie and othn t ? A
motion to give title to property in possession ef
Mr. Frost, Long Island, which has been sold te
Mr Bogart, under an order of Chancery, hat ?
which he refuses to give up, cla ming title that the
order lias not reached. Motion laid over, without
prejudice.
J'iter Stmjvesant vs. Walton II Peckham?Melton
to extend time for taking testimony Motien
denied. ' ,
Peter G Stuyvesant vs. Morris Rrbinsonand oiktrs?Motion
in respect to the tran-fer of truat en
< ?*t.i11'iif (luiiti.'ih r.hunninir Rmwk I /?nn
( cncral 8cmI<mim.
He'ore the lU-cordcr, Judges Lynch and Nouh,and
Aldermen Inaes and Timpson.
J in. 3?The calendar present* the following
new caites for trial at this term : - Kobbcry, let degree;l,
burglary 2 ; grand larceny 6; P'rjnryl;
misdemeanor 1?total 11. Also, on the calendar
from the last term, indicted 1!'; convicted 2 baataidy
1?total 33
The following gentlemen were sworn a- Grind
Jurors :?
Gerard us Boyce, Foreman.
Calvin C. tut it, James Kelly,
Nicholas Fisher, James .icyburn,
Samuel Griffin, Kobtrt kidmor*.
.lolin W. Ilowe, Joseph Soria, Jr.
Gilbert C. Hcbkard, Abrah; o M. Valentine,
John Ilc.iny, James Webb,
Joseph Jackson, S.imuc- W aterburj,
James Kelso, John VVisterTell,
William Iiu#?s?IS. ,
Thirty-two of the petit Jurors were empaui. tiled
out i f eighty -faur Fourteen were fined, aud the
remainder excused. Two of the grand jurere
were also lined.
The grand jury were then c.iarged by J >dge
p Noah. , *
i At the conclusion of tbf euipanncling of the Jaf
rnri, Gr' tfli G?u t ?*i hj1-! ibiiid to the Fuurt,
1 that. - the cnuu*"' of Ainory and Ilenry
F. I. e.U, uh' have keen prosecuted by John
H i ei tyi en a charge of obtaining goods or notet
tirih rf?J?? pretences, hu respectfully asked that
an urV w.ulil be fixed for the trial of the rate,
! a", )?' * clients were extremely anxious to meet theease
at once. The District Attorney sfa'cs in re- i
i ply, that, owing to the bntiuissof ihcO^rraue
IVrmiiier, he thought it would be impossible to
f bring it up at this term, but if in hi.- pewer, H
1 should be called < n during tbi rnsui "f *,*** MrGriifcn
then stated that he w - lied this Couit and
the community to understand that hi* clients avow*
ed th ir entire innocence of tbt clisrae all* ged
1 again-1 them, rind lliat they would make i' fully
r manifest on the trial.
A fcirl, named AnnJ Hiley.was arrsigncJ and
' pleaded guil'y to an indictment against her for
grand larceny, in ati-aling a qua- tity of ftiuale apparel
from Air*. Lydia Wilcox, of No. ite \\ . ostat
?t r> 11. w ilh whotu tin liirj at seivu t os t .c lei
| ni DeccinLer hist It bein^ icprt seated to the
I 'Ill Ti'.?i .'lie \va- nuncr i- yrui . o: ?^e, >UfaW'
u *f nt lo I'ifi House of Refuse.
n H'mini /.ivrniv ?Pi le Jacktoa. ?<L| Miu^wu
arraign' for trial lor stealing a *.1. ?r watch, acid,
rim a, j d key, and a aniill piece f tu^raiu caryj
t. | ine mil ? towel, fr ni C!an? StupUrri, No. IKitan*
v_ I brill ?tr. i t, oil the 2* Ii of Ocfcbri U*t The t4*C3
' of carpet wan found in Jack* o'* room by . ffintv
J" | rap, -n, who broke open Hit- door ior that pi, rpnnp.
1 here briti* no evidence that tl e watch w .?* i JtM
I !?y biiu, the jnrj returned a verdict of pr'it hrttciyt
~ i Mini the Court sentiucod Itim to thi p, nitentu ry far "
I lour month*.
s| ; f-'ui ja ? i n tin Second /)i>:> r ? liwiiry Cren^p, a
tl [ ( > nil.'.), Wa. riC'RUcd for |.;?li..2 a ft2 ( i, dtp
ill it note, 'import in* '?' 0,1 'he t otoiuercwl 'tank
f Bi.fl. lo' i" payment for h rap a the lei >,t Norembei
iait, which he f urcha-n! of John M.any,
No. |dt Washington street. It no proved that he
cum- to the above store, in ooit.|.K.iy with a not her*
y man, and pa ?ad thi above u< u , ?i dihat afterwards
t ie man wbowa* infii* company return* d and (Mwand J
I another note of the rainr elu.iac'ir f ho nr'teanff
" w a> defondcd'.by C. W. Teihur.e. F.?ij. win, wMh
!<t | lii* u?n*l ingenuity, succeeded iu < li anting .?n M,(j
j ail MCi|iiitfal for hi* client.
The Court then ai!j"um-d to th'? "i -rii'iij at
' ' I cloven "'cloth i
II ; I lie Special S ?? onj iri'l meit at b 'f } ?#'. ulna
| o'cb ck thu morning
J!
m: chip fr.
; olUeHrr?U.l
miwoTOi*. Jan. 1, 1812.
?w Y President's Lrvn'.
'he ne* punence J in Washington
I .. h weat Jo credit to the month of
J y, any tititude forty. The air
I been bi _j ...iu oeiightfnl, and (scarcely a cloud
obscured the rays of the sun- In accordance
th the r'publican custom which has long been
served by the successive Presidents, tire executive
insion was thrown open for the reception of the
vereign people, and by twelve o'clock, nearly the
tole of Washington was in motion to pay that re
?ct which in due to tne crnei magistrate ut iuc
tion. Pennsylvania avenue, and every street lead
; to the White House was thronged with vehicles
all sorts, at an early hour. Tnere were private
rriages of every deecription, und hacks and cabs
abundance. Pedestrians there were innumeraso
fine was the day, and so good the walking.
Let the reader accompany us in imagination to
* r house, which tin- people have erected for the ro
lence of their first executive officer, and he shall
vea poor picture of the scene which is presented at
? opening of every year. As we go up the avenue,
is bustle and activity, and when we reach the
rn, by the treasury building, the street and both
la walks are crowded with smiling and happy fa?,
all eager to arrive in Beason for the whole disty.
" Let us hasten on," says one, " or we p'1'1"
ss the most brilliant part of the show. The fogn
ministers, in the gorgeous costur,e ffinj
urts, with their dashing attache*,'- ^resent thern*
vea precisely at twelve, and usi"''y 'arry but for a
ef space."
Arriving at the entrance ,0 l',e grounds of the
hitej House, we find 'he semi-circular drive so
onged with carnages, as to make ingress and
rem alike impossible. Passengers are fuming,
, vers swearing, horses kicking, carriage wheels
erlocked, so as to render advance and retreat
ually impracticable. At last, we have reached
' large and elegant portico, which adorns the norrn
front of the mansion.
' What a tremendous crowd of people of all
'* ts."
[ What a strange intermixture of gentlemen and
lies with the great unwashed!"
. ' Tnere goes Mr. Calhoun, one of the very first
* v., , 's of the age?a man accomplished in all that
, * !?!. politics and science of all kinds, next to
S?bor on the public buildings."
t is General Scott, the highest military
n.ider the government, the tallest man and
thv ?t man in the nalion, decorated with all
rp ibyeutttejia of his rank, shoulder to shoulder with
w % lrom tne inamei?
. ' W it a striking and practical illustration of the
*' iw..o rrw.ic tendenciesof ?ur institutions,and all our
p under them!"
b try and make our way into the elliptical
.V! here the President and the ladies of the
i.v i i t *e prepared to reaeive the salutations of the
V ir an extraordinary crush," said an old gen.1
a "I have never seen the White House so
** .. * , since the day when old Hickory exhibitu
Aeacham's great cheese."
Sfi " Pout crowd so?you are pressing against the la.
> < r.;<t#t discourteously."
r ' > ardoa, but I can't help it?I am thrust to
* y the rush fr?.in all directions ."
, is that beautiful girl to whom Gen. W#**,
* iork, is speaking?"
j. of Louisiana?is she not a gentle and
V I creature?"
here we are?Good morning, Mr President
crowd to day."
r jh he people are here in all their majesty."
M in gentlemen," said Major Noland, "pass
V nto tb? p??n room?vnu will 1 ?>?r?
m
few whigs are here," said one.
tot observe many?there is the Hon. Cost
? however, with a magnificent woman upon
-who isshel"
sine La Blanc, one of the most accomplish
tegant women of the day?clever too, she
?> d the endowments of her sex, with a mat?
>' iderstanding, and knowledge of the world,
hardly a parallel among the ladies of Ametainly
none of her own age."
# has been greatly admired 1"
is still, by all who can appreciate high cul'
af mind, refined taste, and vigor of intelie
freshness of youthful lovhness has only
i ce to the maturity of womanly beauty, and
t ircely less attractive now lliuu when I saw
elle of Washington, in the first term of Geikson's
administration."
'are a singularly fine loo kins couule?John
I best looking man in Congret-s, with the air
* bred gentleman, and the chivalric bearing
.lierof the 15th century-"
is that white-headed veteran, with an epau
'.ther shoulder, and a lady-like woman upon
is General T .better known during
the war as the light house of the Lakes?he had an
arillery command, and fought with great gallantry
t- aenereran opportunity was presented."
Ant! who is that bluff,admiral-like looking man,
ins to Mrs W **** V
Com. Warrington," the head of the Hoard of
? Commissioners,?a brave and experienced ol"
man of sense and judgment, and every inch
is the famo?B east room, ol which we
5 song and story 1 How crowded in evw
smiling and joyous every one apTylermusthe
exceedingly popular in
i 1"
dent was ever more rejected and es,
i e people. Soma few bank men are in
he should have thwarted the schemes
latere, and two or three families of
to- -istoerats are provoked,that they are not
t . mare consideration than they de?>rv<;
in the grumblings oii>iew p,.r90n?! ,[,e
j, is uniform in praise ?1 'he aimnli.-li..
r"w"'
il Iih inann<*r,and the kinan? *ncj be,
his character and conduct "
V * Mr- Webster?how well he look _]
1 him so cheerful since the lirst veto "
remain in the Cabinet, I suppose 1"
: . tedly?there is the best possible under
ween the President and him. In fact,
titmoit harmony and mutual confidence
Executive and the Cabinet "
verHi of the democratic Senator?, and
raof the members, but very few wliigs
Benton, Mr. Woodbury, Mr. Mouton,
<Ir King, Mr- Smi'h of Connecticut, but
' whig Senior have I observed."
Minimus this?Mr. Clay keeps aloof, and
* aectm to be generally followed by his
w<* return io t'ae vestibule, and lis'en
r.uaio ot ?he Marine Band."
immense number of visitors, i have!
any th n ? l.t-c it. \|| rooms are
" * entrance is so blocked up, that one can
> ; utorin. See, (here goes a window up,
* re coming is tint way."
come it must be for the President to
* with all those n? ip'e."
not every kind I v 'stn.v. He looks
* i euic, hut n? in ... eou'd bear it more
\ chance to ge? out now?let iir?a'l over
r respecte to Mr*. Madi-on and Mr.
I bo h receive visitors to day ."
p ern could do justice to ihe charming
me with which the venerable lady aethe
cwilnieiof those who piid their
ier. As for Mr Adams, the aim.>i? ity
or b. s h ?a been proverbial, and ill"
;ance ol hk< accornplieiie i lady is too
to iri]uire co?rnrat
Altogether, Nfw Year s was a jr rleoiiy itriigiiilut
'ay. Hilarity and enjoymen seemed to he universal.
Men, women and children were equally d .
verted, and as the newspapeis sometimes say about
the celebration of the Fourth ol July, nothing oc
curred to disturb the general jay.
[l'orte?iK>R<t?iice ol the Heralti J
Wasiiinctox, Jan-2, lt>12.
The following letter has been written by Mr
Protlit, the feat less and independent representative
from Indiana, in reply to a resolution of instruction
from some dozen individuals, who set themselves ta
speak for his constituents. The letter is admirable.
We have rarely setu a more laconic specimen of
epistolary writing.
Washington, IVc 26,1811.
Sir :?I have received the proceedings cif a meetins,
composed of some dozen gentlenun of Boonville,
at which you presided. Resolutions there
passed, instruct me to "advocate and vote lor a
Rank of the United States, to operate pei *f over
the Union," \'c ; and also instruct me to " prepare
and support an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, which will divest the President
ol the veto power,'Wc. . _ , . ,
I shall neither advocate nor vote for a Rank ol the
United States, to operate per te over the L uton.
i shall neither prepare nor support an amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, divesting
the President veto power.
My reasons will be given en the door ot the House
oliu-pre erit.itives.
Wi'*r sentiments ot great regsrd, I am. sir,
UcoRfiE H. PROI KIT.
Baltimore.
[Correspondence of the Herald.]
Baltimore, January 3d, 1812?1) A. M.
Mr. Editor : ?
I have nothing very special to communicate. Our
Sheritl, Mr. Ball, seems to have gotten into a slight
dilliculty. His securities withdrew, a?d he has thus
far been unable to obtain others. The Court, agrpt ably
to its own decision, cannot act without a Sherill'.
Its only business has been to meet and adjourn.
When the dilliculty will he adjusted, or
what will he the result, I am unable to say. One
fhiiiCT I fin knnuv nrwl flint ia flint r Kali Ia a uon?
e> " ? "> ? ?
clever man.
Our Legislature did not adjourn on New Year's
Day, as was anticipated. Nothing, of special interest
however was transacted.
The weather this morning is clear, cold and
bracing. Yours, respectfully, Twist.
Philadelphia.
(Correspondence ol the Herald.)
Piiila Delphi a, Jan. 3?P. M.
A Grand Flare up in the U. S. Bank?Two Ijwt
Assignments Annulled?Detailed Report?Annual
Expense a?Flection, <$v.
1 have keptniy letter open to the latest moment,
in the hope of beiug able to communicate to you
the result of the election for Directors of ihe 1'nited
States Dank, but atn compelled to close without furnishing
it. The following are the tickets voted.
You will see that Nicholas does not mean quietly to
yield his power and influence. A ticket was in the
lield known as his, and for aught 1 know, may be
elected. The following are the candidates
Biidlt Ticket. Regular Ticket.
James Roberts James Robertson
Joha Hemphill William Drayton
Robert Taylor William Krwle
Oliver Fuller Robt. C. Hall,Carlisle. Pa.
Lawrence Lewis Joshua Lippincott
Calvin Blythe John Hemphill
Pater Wager Moses Kempton
Davis B. S'.aeey William B. Fling
Henry Toland Oliver Fuller
JehnR. Vogdes Foster O. Crutcher
Hamuel R. Wood Edward Coles
John struthera John Bacon
Rett. Oilmor, Baltimore
Thomas Tustin j Potter, Princeton, N. J.
Francis Jordan L. 8. ?u.?, wew York
William Badger J. 8. Donnell, Biiuum,
8. D. Ingham, Buck* Co. Benjamin W. Richard*
Ellis Lewis, Lycoming John R. Neff
Jona. Roberts, Montgomery Manuel F.yre
William Ay res, Dauphin. M. Wills, Columbus, N. J.
The meeting was one of the stormiest in debate
that was ever held in the Bank. A series of resolutiftnt
ui?ro rvitarpd hv fnsiah Randal, Esq , alleging
the two last assignments made to be illegal, and resolving
to repudiate them. These elicited a warm
l.o/l /,, 1... M. t> 1.1
utuun., iv.au uu uut oiut t/jr iut. IvailUAl, ttUU UII llir
other by Mr. Rawle, who, I think, is one of the assignees
After much controversy the vote was taken
on their adoption, and carried?so that the only assignment
now valid, is that first made to secure the
post notes held by our city banks; provided the ac
tion of to-da^ is confirmed according to the charter,
at a subsequent meeting, w hich was ordered to be
held on the third Monday of February next. Should
this confirmation be obtained, as is now probable,
the monster will prosecute the war as before. It
will be in slutu quo anti helium
On Saturday last, on motion of Mr. Flrooke, a
rule was granted by the District Court to show
cause why all the attachments which have been recently
issued by the judgment creditors of the Dank
of the United states should not be quashed. It is
e intended that a specific mode of enforcing payment
ol judgments against corporations, is provided
by the act ot A seinbly, namely, by sequestration;
and that the law providing for attachnn nts upon
jndgrtients is not applicable to bodies corporate.?
We are informed that similar rules have been grant- j
ed in other cases, and aa the question raised is one ]
of considerable importance tbe decision of the court
will be awaited with much interest by the members
of ihe legal profession and llie community.
A l' Dgthy report was submitted to the meeting,
covering some two or three quires of paper, furnishing
the par icularsof the dent due to the lest lotion,
mine, date and amount of each debtor. This
important paper, and one, if published three years
ago, which would have saved some millions ot the
Bank's capital, w-as accepted, and ordered to be
published! We shall at length be permitted to inspect
the interior of ihis mass of corruption. It was
staled during the meeting, that the present annual
expenses of the Bank, assignees, officers, and all,
was about $50,001) !
The business in stocks to-day was at a farther decline.
Nothing positive has come out relating to
the I'ean To\\*ship Bank, though the stock has
fallen from X5 to Hi hid.
Philadelphia
[( rre?i>o?ilrnet! of the Herald J
I'hii.ahf.i.piim, January 3d , 1-li
Mh. Bcwbftt:?
Pursuant to public notice a meeting of the stockholders
of the United Sia'es Bank met at the Bucking
House tins morning,at 10 o'clock, hnd adjourned
about half past one, I' iVl. The following six resolutions,
< lis red by Josinh Band,ill, U-q .certainly
one of the ablest lawyers in Philadelphia, and
seconded by our friend, Co1. B-e, and after warm
and able dbcus-ion, in which Messrs Bands!!, le-e,
Ingraham, Hubbard, Athni'ad, Rawle, Phillip*, mid
J. M. Kennedy, Ksqrs , participated, were passer! by
a large majority :?
Koaoirsd. Th-it the boohs, papers, nc-ount* and di-i
court* aud document* of the Bunk of the United State*,
l,<- exhibit. J ami remain open for the inipection and e\^initiation
ot anj stockholder, hi* ag?nt, attorney, nr
,i-7I provided that the aatne shall not in'
i> 1* v 1, J?1* k'tiin ite bualne** of the Bank.
Iv SO. | r n at in the iadirtner.t of thi* ?i..
i assignm ? ,py Ihn C lar.i ol Directors ofthe Bank ofthe
I'oiled States 1 tin 7 tl* <lay of Jtinn an*I the ill >1H y
ol September, I H. were executed in violation of the
true tn'ent and spn it <d ill" acta Assembly iiicorpor.>
ting the Bank, and the etpplemewt, thereto passed the
t'li and 5'h day* ol May u*t.
Resolve 1, Si* i.ir as the ato -.hoi 1 rs Inyp the po wer to
act in the premiM-a, ami to slant their opinion, they do
hereby declare that the sa|'' -1 ?mentaaro attedy null
and vei l, liibje ttosppi.et disapproval of tha meet
in?, to be held the third Mh jir in Ft binary*Resolved,
That it 1* expidient for the tlink of IW
United glutei.tn make o general assignment ! the real
and personal estate, goods. chatties, rigl 1* ealcr. di??,
whatsoever and wliereaoever, of the said eoipoi.it >o,to
five prrsoni, for the paym-ntor arc iringthn d-bsof
th# ??mc, agreeably to the provision* of the act* ol As
ae-nhly of thia Comtn mu i alth. passed the fuurth an I
fifth day* of May, lull.
One difwentinat voire alone.
Resolved, That the Stockholjen ofthe said Bank, will
adjourn to inest the third Monday in Kcbrmry n. xt.at
10 o'clock. A M . at the Bonking (louse, to eloct Ire ). r
ao.u as trustees for the purpose stated in the last ri solution.
Resolved, That the Stockholder* resident in other
parts ofthe United States, tie arn"?tly retpn sted tri take
itv asiiros to lie ri presented at the adjourned meetn g to
hi held on the third Mon.l i\ nl Kehrnafy next.
Resolved, That a rommitt-e of live atockholdi i? h
np|Hiiuted to report to the meeting in February how in
assignment ">ay he m.<d.- without living undue a'v intogeto
Judgment creditors.
Two or three oilier rcMilutiona nbnnt printim- 'h>
li*t nt debtor- to the It ink. and p'iblicatior * n<l :.uthn-./.ing
for directo'M to drnw fir e\pe.i---e. iV*'.
Iii> Htvr.itii r? eolu i in, < ffereJ bvI.M.K-n dy
.nrnap4nsed vvitnout uncu<t*iiin Tiwo-ura i:>. i?
to liud sviih no m.iuv epe? ches ami in * * Uri!'" n i i ?ting.evefy
thing comliii'ifd with perfect decorum Ir.
Rs#lf, who i? an able lawyer, led otTthe op'"1- 'ha
tn (lie r> solutions ? f \f r K 1 tidal!: but w ith u > li
tact, finding that the feeling of the Stncklmldet - run
N'roiiK egai >st tli course pursued by the present
Jirrcu n; he wa' prepared, he ?aid, to let th" re
"luuoi.* paw in lh>-ir fclroogt-si trrin><, that those
most objectionable in his <-?iiiu l ion h.<
ffd. Now. my dear sir, the people, the
n>l?lers>, und th" country, who hold the notes < ' 'li
institution, are anxious for r?jv st? they are wilh?..
is they must lie, asd it -? their l?re^ nt intent to In
to pocket the loss, which a combination ??i tl
uoiit untoward circumstances br?'tioht ahon'; hi
'hey are deiermirel that the little that is lelt^bi
not be appropriated by mmr doz n salaried ofli r
who have sprung; into exigence ihrout.li the meat
"t thrf present managers ot ittst institution, in th
shape of trustees, solicitors, Jeo., under three speci
t-?iunmenii. It is not ih * institution alone, tn
the whole country has be n mad for years past, c
tile subject ot stocks and speculations of t verv kin<
ii lneli it it had continued ,'or a lew tm I |i MK
would huve rendered il?e entiru country iusolven
We must nuke die beet of thingsas they now an
jfo in'o retrenchment of expenses, save all we ? i
ind throw nngmxl nmiit-y i|;er bad I! CI. Corbi
E-q presided with much dignity and ability at tii
Hireling, and loseph 11 Chandler. Ksq. ot the I r
Gazette, acted as secretary, with his usual ability. T
a .y that Mr Chandler to lite various important stun
tions to which his ft llow citizens call him, ever d
charges his duty with marked ability and great ami
faction to all concerned,isbuttodo him iu-tice. Tli
meeting in February, it is hoped, will he a U,?
one, if indeed the stockh ilders can be stimulated i
action upon the subject They have griieiaii
adopted the notion that the powers that be bat
mad- such distribution "t the assets as to place t!-iei
beyond the stockho'.dei'sjieacli, and give their fan
lies and Irtends the largest und longest salaries,
is too tine, but it is iheduty of the resident stool
holders who cun do it without expense, to wrest ill
prey from these wolves in sheep's clothing, and git
the funds their proper direction Hamilton.
Common Council.
M sow, Jan. 3?Boako ok Assistant Ai.i>kti?irs
The President, Mr. Lrk, in thecuair.?The folio win
petitions w ere presented and relerred : ?Of Ike mcmb i
of eugioe company No. 33, as to the conduct ol their fori
mas | of Patrick Ol?ney,far compensation for iojnric
received by himself and horse, in cansequer.ee of lallin
into a sewer in Laurens street, which had not been prt
perly guarded; of Michael Whelan, far leave tot red
pi-z/ a is front of his house in West street; of Meisr
At well and Miller,(or correction of tax. Au inviUtio
accepted.
Hi port j Jhh.pte d?Adverse to correcting tax of Hug
Aucbincloss, John Mills and Thomas Crane, and reti
ring the latter to the Comptroller.
In favor of correcting tax of Giles S. Elf.
Adverse to charging the pam.i of Mulberry street, bi
tw een Bleccker and Houston streets, to that of W'esle
I'lace.
Papers from Iht Hoard of moi Concurred in.?lti
port ol tne Law Committee oil the light 01 the Marki
Committee to remit th.' rent of tu'chers' stalls, and repi
dinting their assumed right.
11 xulutiou requiring the Comptroller to present quai
teily accounts of the t>ackrent> due from butchers,wit
the means taken to collect the same.
In favor of renumbering West st. commencing at Bj
tery I'lace.
C mmuiurations frttn Depart men's.? Kiom the Com|
troller, with a a estimate ol the amouut required f >r th
continuance and completion ol the Croton Aqueduct di
ring the present year. The totBl amount ol stock tin
far issued is $3,6d0.?09, of which there ia on hand $3
377,000. The requirement for the prosecution ol" th
work in this c ty. during 1841, will be $40*1'>10. Ti
communication intimates tliul if tho contemplated pla
ofcrossing Harlem River by a high bridge is abandon i
the loan uo?v autho'-ised will lio sutlicu lit to comj lei
the work, otherwise a fuithur loan will be requisit
Tho document w as referred.
Special Order the Pay ?The resolution by Assist?)
Alderman Murpny, that the 7tii and 8th rules of Hi
Board, as to meeting in joint ballot,be rescinded.
Mr. Mwki hv supiMirted his motion iu a long, and resll
able speech, in whicli he contended that the charter r
quired the Board of Aldermen and Assistant Aldei uu
to be separate and distinct legislative bodies, and th
appointments and removals should be acted upon in tl
same manner that other laws and resolutions were.
Remarks,wore also mad* by otherg.ntlemen, and tl
resolution was referred to the Committee on Law s.
The Prf.sidkxt requested Assistant Alderman Dodj
to take the chair. IU tbeu alluded,in a long and forcib
speech,to the heavy and unnecessary tux imposed u;*
the community, by the systssn of requiring every thir
to be weighed and measured by persons specially n
pointed inr that purpose There aro sixty weighers, lift
two measurors, twenty five inspectors of wood, and
host of others of a similar character, all of whrm are i
lowed a large fee, and yet do ao better for seller or pu
ahascr than the parties could do thsmsclvts. Bitumi
ouscoal, he said, was thus subjected to a tax for mt
suring of half a cent per bushel; anthracite 13$ cenli
ton; wood thren cents a load; hay and straw, in hul
35 cent* a 108a ; ana, wnen press* u, 3 tenia per no
<ireu, lime, 13j cents for 1C bushels, and so on ad lit
turn, and ycrtne ia?? ?r weighing and measuring coal t
public agents is a " humbug," and oulv lias the i ll.
of throwing the people off their guard, whereby thf
are every day moat grossly cheated. Us then offered
resolution, that a commiuo- n- nuointed to inquire ini
all lawa requiring the measuring ami w ..t
chandize by public officers. Remarks were also offeri
, -jy AMi.i.1.1 Davis, after which the rosol
tion was adopted, and Messrs. Lae, Davis, and A-hlin
apjiointed inch committee.
Assistant Alderman Waterman offered a resolution f
memortlizing to the Legislature, to make such alter
tion in the laws exempting the property of bouseliol
ers from execution, as to equalize tliem throughout tl
State ?Adopted.
An invitation was received and accepted from tl
Mercantile Lodge of Odd Fellow a, to attend their ant
Timry at the Tabernacle on Friday evening.
The Boardthen adjourned.
Court Calendar?Thla Day.
The Sheriff omitted lust week summoning a Jury f
the Court of Common Pli a< At the usual hour, yestc
lay, Judge UlshottlVr took his seat, but 110 Jury appea
ed. The Court was accordingly adjourned to this for
noon. The following are the numbers for to-day:?No
7,19,31,0, 105,33,33,3, 17, 9, 13, 33, 34,30, 38, 4, 313.
Birth and Death ?Three oxen were roasted
Kingston, I'.(J., las; Wednesday week in comment
ration of die birth of the Prince of Wales. It is n<
said (hit the oxen were rousted alive.
Lu i.t Fire at MontsA?There was n great li
at Medina last Saturday. tTotul lo-s 92~> (K>it Su
ferers?Utvneis of the Kagle Tuvern, .f D Foot,
(J,* J II trootlrich, Vibburd vV Xorthrop, A Nortoi
C Hill, C S Patks, Fuller Spencer, L B-nt, !
Fuirtitun, It Martm, tl R Lewis.
0(7* BnwcRr Auruiriiri 1 he?A llr?o crowd la-t nig
gavo the strangest evidence of delight at witnessing'!
splendid p. rformanc.es prodnced bero. An unttsuul
rich 1 ill ofnovi llies is announced for this evening.
. Cf7-CinT? si TiO ATr.r.?Thi"Ihou?e was again lilii
last night, to its utmost extent, ami a delighted undicm
testified their approbation ol the grand spectacle of M
/eppa.by enthusiastic bursts oi applause. Knb* ? n-rti
the hero in glorious style, and the acting 01 51.?. T) 0:1
Blake, Mr. Lewnllen.C. Mestsyer, and others, perfori
ing the principal parts, received much applause. Tl
ascensions of Lewellen's highly trained hor-e we
truly wonderful, and elicited repeated cheers. Ti
spectacle u repeated to-nigbt, together with the drnn
of Hchitikerhannes.
9(7" Roc kw i.li.'s Biirntn sr. Circi < romman
the l est pationage. and gives the hest psi formanc*- of sr
other cqiiestriun establishment in tho country. Yotti
H'evens is equal to (Jlenroy ; Stone is superioi to any
hi- lamout innjuu aci} *?us. t iuiifn is ?i v? ry parogou
Amazonian maids upon horsi ',?< k, and the reit of tl
company were also well appointed.
167* Mi'iti'X?A beautiful display of rii
end novel entertainments is produced here to night. t
aevcral | opular peiTot mi rs, among whom are I.a I'eti
Celeste, the charming danseu-r, Yankee Jenkins, tl
Albino La ly, and Signor Marriotts, of Italy.
txj~ " Snir Nokmsspie A nrtrniug pap T contuil
a me-t heart-rending account ot the sulf--iings ol tl
poor passenger* by tliis vessel. The names of tho ow
era, consigns s, master, and of t v ry body implicit 1
this foul business. -haulJ he trumpete I to the world, i
po-- d aril puiiieluil The Irish Kinigrant Society. wi'
i s wooted \ ivilnnce. we are gin 1 to find, have adve* l
s i that applicant* will call w ith auchstatements, tl
p'lMicarioii and ctpoiura of which may deter a recu
i lice.
Siur Vol. wxsnir ?Notice?Pant ngcr* hy tills veasi
having grievances to state, will pit a<e call at the Iris
emigrant Oilice, 61 (joId street, V w Yolk, ai eaily i
| 0- Pole.
15tiooui.? ? Sin Yran.
,'ith Dec. I "It.1
Sin - I im an apprentice on hoar 1 th < (North t'orolin
and um expos- I to all weathers, i got a sore three
' > Inch 1 lid not repoi t to our S ii s^sn - it ncreaseil. til
til my throat would ne,t admit food of any kind, my eyi
run with water, and 1 could scarcely breathe. Th
Doctor was infonnrd of rny awful situation hy m
m sther, who came to aei me, anl he did everything t
relieve me that was in his power; but no success. M
mother returned in a few day* ' roitglit me a amal
package of your canJy. Although the hoys fjot half c
I had aa much as enable*. nif to tell you, that it pn
fectljr nire.l me, and I send this by my brother to in
ronn you, in just Ice to yottr m* llCtfiC.
I am, sir, yctr obedient
THOMAS WILLI VMS.
Mr. 1'easo, 4A Division st. Apprentice, N. Catoliua
07- Sists Aw, has hie J !,? pr esta of Mexico, ti
the tune, of $1.00.1.009. How mine piiesta in tlie Unit' i
States would it take to raise ?nch a sum 1 The way h
gi t rich is to tak. -She rmanV Loi.cngt s?they cure yoi
of your cough*, colds, h idache?. palpitation, and mot
all or din lry complaint-, sooimr than any thin g else, am
> nahle you to goto work and moke money. Hold at llti
Nassau st. air! by agents |-- Bow-iy; 77 K.ast broad
was , 110. 373. and 4.79 B'O-lway; 111 Bleecker; and Wi
Hudson st, Now Nork .. a i I Id ' K-.lt >n street, Brcklyn
MONKV M tllKKT,
Monday, Jail, 3 ft P. H.
The sale* of the Stock ilsarl today yver- !i?M. tl?
m.irketyvt being tinder the jnfl -imi - -of th- hit lijs
1'iic s presented hat little al* ,.cim I III noi - it ;> r ul
fill IJperc.it. Many ol the hondhollnrf of ll la'.i
isane, tedeerniihle in IHfl.f, refuse to acce le te the pi)?i
ti tn ol'tho Illinois eommistji-ner, r.n<l iatend s? Iln.g lit.
iivuda hypttbecatu I to tip rn for wh <t they will hi.ag.
and hold Htelibins and McAliater for the balance. Indiana
st erling fell 1 per oent. Delaw 're and H : 1 on
ros J pe. cent; Mohawk J, liarloat declined J; L ng
N and J. Sales of New York S'.ate Vs. hi T7; Vlev
i 'au dollars ,*al p r Cfti'. Bill* on Philadelphia Oj; W?e
bill* l 'i; New Orl' ans 9 >10.
The Florida, U'.unaa, from Balize, Honduras, brought
$13 771 in specie.
Tim tirat of January is past, aud with it the ere
lit of Mississippi, Indiana, Illinois, Maryland, and
' Mich, an, has fallen to the ground. On the 1st
proximo Pennsylvania will follow in " the dance
of death;" ell tho other; indebted States of the Union ,
I arc approximating the same fate. K.ve.i the great
State of New York can command 77 cents on the dollar
1 for its 6 per c?ut stock, sud nothing but regard to ceonemy
can preserve it from ruin. The question of repudi- |
tion in this State may yet he raised,if doubtful concerns
can obtain $3,000,000 of the State credit, on condition that
it shall he sold in the open market, not less than par; I
and that a company shall expend from private re- 1
P The Slate his been deceived in every respect. The w eik
? ha* been put under contract,and the acceptances of the I
* company at til) Jays issued in payment. The receipts
^ of the contractors fsr these payments have been used us (
i?< evidence that the money required by law has been ?x- I
;e ponded. On the strength of this, the State Stock lias
j? been issued,and instead of being sold ot par, have been
disposed of at fiom 10 to30 per cent discount, and then
:11 bought in at a sham sale at par. A company declared
j. that they have right to do this, if they "account to the
It State at par for it." If this position is true, why go I
t- through the farce of u shain sale at auction? Thofocti*,
that the State and the people hove been deceived. $3 000000
of the State credit has uee* expended, and according
to the rsport of the company, $1,800,000 of their own
funds, making $4,500,000 expended, for this thero is 46 j
__ miles completed, and 100 miles piled, w hich is equal to
<? 96 miles completed. The whole distance is 170 mi Irs
a consequently the w hole road will cost $11.000 000 at the
rate of progress thus far made,
g The following is a detailed statement of the present
debt of the State of Missouri :
, Missouri S atiDebt.
Surplus revenue, $P"> 154 Capital, li'.OCO
'j ToJ. A. Astor, loo eoo State Loan, no ooo
? War Depart mm', SS.OuO Da. looooo '
Li/. irdi SlCo . 100.000 Do. 103.000 ]
h Pi im?, Ward k King, 99.liuo Capital, 17 o o
.. Capital Loan, 4o Oeo Do. 7 oro .
l.iternal.lmprovemtDt' so ooo ? J
Capital, 30,tOO Total Debt, $1.38 9 000 j
b- The great fall in the price of Ohio stocks, which but
y o short time slace were considered among the best in tha j
Union, may he ascribed to the liorrou iag propensities of
the Legislature, and the discredit gi owing out of the dis3
gracetully suspended condition of the Banks of that t
r State. The State has borrowed largely of the banks 5
I, during the past year, and a toleration ol their fraudulent 1
suspension was a consequence. Tno revenue is now ,
largely deficient,and the contractors on the Miami Ca- "
p nsl extension are in arrears for their pay $300,000, to >
in meet wliich the peurile expedient of issuing to thim
1- .klh..n.l.n l?U a on, I nC rnrr.n.ii l,uol.?. ?
I. adopted. Many of the town councils, it appears, have ]
e undertaken to " relieve the people" in the same way.
p Lancaster, Newark, Zaneiville and rutuam have put out
" large amounts in denominations from 13j centi up to one
itl dollar. In such a state of aifairs.is it to be wondered at
" that the State 6 per cent stock is selling at 73 cents 7 By
lt these acta Ohio has taken rank with Michigan, Indiana10
and Illinois, Mary lan 1 and Pennsylvania?each and all
of which have either issued paper money directly, or
^ have endorsed that of some insolvent company, like that
,n of the Baltimore and Ohio lta ilroad. The amount of
at these disgraceful issues may be summed up as follows :
' Fount. Notes Issued nr SrrcltL States
ttk't. I'al
Illinois $3,000,000 SI els.
Indian*, recusable for tairs 3,000,tie# 65 u
je Kentucky ; 600,ooo 67 "
u. I'uuisv Ivsnia, cireulalitg 1,700,000 au,_
thor sad 3,006,ooo 90 "
? Mary laud 1,600,000 ?>i ?
Michigan 600,000 60 "
P* Oluo 300,0.'0 70 "
y.
a Total State money $10,900,000
11 This amouit is equal to 10 per cent of the paper circulation
of the Union, and is rapidly extending itself, and
a- thrusting the constitutional currency aside. The aver
,a age depreciation, it appears, is 67 cents, and the nominal
n' value of $10,900,000 is really worth in specie but
W- $7,467,000.
These issues have been made in every possible foim,
" and the effect, with that of similar transaction?, has been
a to ruin the credit of the States. To so low an ebb have
10 they fallen, that the papers in the interests of the stockjovv.
r- have raised a shout of rejoicing, not because Mail.
rylaud has paid her debts or taken any steps towards dod,
ing so- hut because a motion, to repeal the taxes already
f in existence, was rejected in the House of D> legates.
4. The Federal Government has now reached a similar
d- stage in its financial affairs. It has given away its lend
revenues, squandered $3,000,000 at the extra session, and
le now, in the first week of 1013, is bankrupt, and its drafts
11 on the Treasury, to pay the wtgri of Congressmen, have
been dishonored. It has tried the markets for months,
and cannot borrow sufficient to m"ft its expenses. Its
6 per cent liabilities aro at a discount of 1 per cent.?
or It is unable to borrow. In tliis dilemma it, proposes
t" to do precisely that which the above mentioned
ir" dishonored Slates have done, viz to make a forced
'eis.
loan of the people, by issuing notes not heatieg
Interest, but purporting to be payable on dimand.
This scheme to relieve the wants of the Govern
n. ment is cloaked under the semblance of a fiscal agent,
0t which shall " tako care of the Government fun.Is and
mc.-t the wants of the mercantile community." For this
purpose the ne.w bill proposes?1st, t* receive deposits
re a id issue therefor certificate, pay able on presentation ;
|*? these would be extensively used hs a medium of exclianirc.
3d. to allow ol an issue of three dollars of Tres.
j1;' jury no!n, payablo on demand, for out* dollar of specie
on liaml.
, t Under thin rule, if $5,000,000 should be deposited by
|,'t. individuals, who wished to remitfunds todlatant places,
ly for which object deposits would alone be made, as n (premium
for the oertificatea is charged, those certificates
j would therefore be a currency, and $30,000.00(1 would
.e thus be issued on a irpomte.of a most unstable charaen
er. Of the $15,000,<K>0 of notes istund, $10,000,000 would
p-' :-iujie,;i 'rlv V.e pai 1 out for government debts. It is said
g that the value ol this paper as a currency would makc
je it a great benefit to the people. We may arrive at this
r<* value t<y taking into consideration that the notes of thu
^ Treasury, hearing interest, may be bought at a rate
yielding 10 p?r cent. The new notes ore to be issued
without interest, thus making a ditf rence of 10 per cent
to tli" holder, bet wren his investment in Treasury notrs
'i. and that in the currency notes. The people w ill thus
in pay 10 per cent per annum for the use of the government
?f credit as a currency?certainly' a very <Kt*p currency.
" The result of such a forced loan on the part of the government,
may he sren in the f,,te of all paper money
'h that ever was issued by any government, and in that of
'* all the State* above described,
te
ie Saleu nt thu ttork Eirhangr.
$soo New York 5'a 77 $1#00 Indian b<?m.'s St>(
$ li#0 Wulrr Losa. 1570 '.4 15 do X1-1 h lluilstn I,J ?*t
... i*o<? iiliuoii Bon's 'J1 M do do Ihw ?s
>i? HI do l?| 3S do do 8*
$3000 do IS 35 do do i?0 ? ?'
P $300* ill *10 IS 35 do do iSo *5{
in $4"OS do Is It 10 do Mcicnsnts' Ha- k loo
X- $ lie o do s'.O l?j SO do MrrhinieV Back 6*
U $io*S do slliw isj |u do Ai'isr Kv Ck *1
ij $14000 Indians Bond* ihw 30 So do II n Btnik 3i
flsoo do *10 30 *i5 do Mohiwk It fit;
*9000 do 30 119 do Harlem R 101
r- f^ooo do nw 30 to do do to',
$ . UuO do *3 30 50 do do 1?39 lu<
I $500# do *30 I US 35 do f, Island K 51,
lh' $3> os do ?30 181 ?i New Jersey K. It. Co 73
s Second Bonril,
150 *k?4 lis'lvm |(>i $30 41 Indian! 39
SO do 1) lmrre 9V, $1109 do |v|
$34100 Illinois IW? isf $.0000 3trrling 18
Mute of Trade.
1- Th'ieis but little business doing in a general way.
* The fallowing is a table of the principal aiticli of ille
port into Bullalo for Ih l year 17-11
y iMronii oe Driru.1 1 a 1*41.
s ifrficiw, Qi/.i nitty M Y'nlur
y Klour, etolr, J30 (Ho $4 <00(100 '
II Wi s il, huslir t, I.Sis.nei i lti.001 '
.r A K<r?,pW?. 4.i44 4 s.'oo
" Bull or and lard, k',s. t(/.3j? i9I.SH8
Hlvv/'S, 7,1*0 WO 800 000 '
I- Whiskt/, c??ls, It OX 185.000
Herd, - St*S 145 74j 'I
n, ? />' " hub iju,,.,?
Atiim. (S5? 13:i'i(>i) I
Cork, b\?l?, 11.754 1"7,771 fi
?;<> .. iii1031 ioi.III)
I.mnber fn t, ft ooo con - > c)r-.?
n lliiim. 17 535 70,153 M
1 Fi?h. bM*. 3 501 iII IVI il
, Broom*. iln'H*. 5 507 3 000 I,
0?U, bn hil?f H H? 1 .
, Cot.lnll*. 301) I 51 a i
fly . M-?hel.<. 0,15-) l."r. .
I. tin<{s, iron, viool arid ctire#?. ifliniitrd, 157,55 , f
f ft 00",000
_ "
Catlli ,1l?rkfl. u
Th- ?*ttnl ftifiyl* into-il iy. mm- It -oboot ?tr Inn. J.
dri ll tn -, ?. *,two ttion?*ni> f - *nd l;.nt? ?,n ! fit \ r,wf
mi J Cii'ii. B-1 ft* ranged from * . 60 !o $7 At) , I.i(. .
trr prion for ?' ry ftood cattle; 11 * 1 from fi 10 M ; V
lamb* from fl * fo f'2 5?itini| rowiiivl cjiI\ > ^ ln*n fj# ,-r
:o $4'i. Four hundred aheop ami Iambi, and Iw i) .n- ?o
t uml talvi *
YW li nrrr frow tho \vt 3' that thn price of pork I-. Jt *
IJsrhtly ri?. n. It i? kow ?g m p*r Imiidrt .i wi ik'it .<-r 1
(he trial ri'iolfty. The dentind Imhu-n incii om-d bj -lie 11
r iimlnr of K 1*1 if I) p(lihn?,r?. wli) 0,1srr rot.v i g .
their ?-i'?in debfa iuto prrol-.C" I nit nill Ci-n. . .1,1 ' '
vt?ele Jri foreign mnrki l*. in tbi* way tUrj c.. 1 :in '
'r iud-il*nt cm r ">cj. /
Tin- ollou in' ?how?ili.- progw of thj I -.it. 11, ? -.
corJii.4 totbc C inciuna'i Oi / It", foi ten y? an;? j
//????. Hulk H,< *Ji I.tiH, Hi-rk, f" *
kMs. emt, Ibg. kr'l. kbit, ll>*.
13?* 1734 MO 60 i 151.795 6*10 4 IHl?
It-H?I 1 pi I 67U6II3 llJ,U|f> 16 '341 4 '? ' 01
16-3-4 7314 567.314 195 5#i ?.??" '46 3*40
"34-.-, 9,175 1614 0,3 139.651 41171 7,16(1*33
I9 4S-G 7*69 9'.3 164 168 7 <? 70.'05 5'|6?76
| - t??7 ,, 1M 1.48J 677 '.03*5 115 680 6 9. 91 85
1*37- 8 3 4.6 96>.*450 '414 388 189,403 3 4 4,4176
19 8-9 ?.n,4 1,601 900 118,887 169 071 7 161156
i 839 40 4 ,.49 1.117 *97 177.303 190 908 5 0 14,937
1*40?1 6 005 1.493 057 311710 II0 974 9 74 4 110
This |*>rk business is u Intpe tin l growing ono. Tlie
pi itieitial sabs ?rr mo'le th tough New Orleans, an J Ohio
outnliuti# the g i eater jiait of the article.
Harried.
At the 18-1 I net ot Robert Kuulils K? (. on the I I iu,?t
I'V the Rev. W. Kverts, Hobckt lttMii i, 4-'.?<| of I.a li,
Sew Jersey, to Mi,i Mary Do* u i,?ov late ol Montreal.
Lower Canada.
(>'i the vf'tr.i ult. I>v the Rev. Dr. Moore, of Statrn It
laud.Corni.1.11 ? Mi l.rin to Mm A\i Klik KiizRanhoi
en, all of this city.
Died.
On the evening of the 1.1 instant, in the IHth year of
lier age, (Jr.!!>.. i tiir.ntiK
The trit n it i f her brothers. Timothy and Patrick, are
most ret|ioctfttlly invited to attend hot funeral t" morrow
; Wednesday) afternoon, the ftth instant, at 3j o'clock,
iiointhe ii si lence of her brother, St. John's Hall. No. S
Kranklort street.
On the dad instant. Mm. MiRiiitnT Kui/ita Bons,
wife of the lute Matthew Down, aged Jti years.
The rtlativea and friends of the family are requested
lo attend the funeral this afternoon, ato'cloc k, front In r
lute residence2nt> pearlstreet.
On the-Jd instant, Ciuih ottk P. Ai.i.r v, daughter of
the lute Ktsi man Allen, aged .'J j i .its.
On the 3d instant, at Bto.iklyn, Ann K.ve r.ir, agad 31
yeats, daughter of the lato Thomas Everit. Jt.
nssengrrs Nallnl,
Lirr.lt mot?Ship Cambridge?J the Ur-ii K?T and lulv, of
dacb. c; James Konald, Archibald Mj r, I 11 <y, Canada; S.J
t< i,
Hstrar?fttdp I'tiea?E Jarrossay A'git l,.i?u'l. M iilnmr
'ranees Hewil , auric -nd child.
PftMensrei's Arrive'?.
BiLir.r. ?Brig Klorida Blanca?Capt A Kay, of the R yul
Kuuitteer, lod> sad servant.
Ni;w Oni.HM-Ship 91 Mary?Mrs B-rt i d Misers
iV'liiltlr, Stanton, Tracy, ami Jennings?* i t slot rage.
Korelgn I infiortut liir *.
Mr suna?llrii Hector?5B5I I ts lemons ilf't do ora1 y e Pi, lilt
>n in. 11 ir' ? loo b?s 11.)uorn-e s i kseigo's la I vs mils'* Id tk<
vine be its I ; > l.'i t* Id / Lid uu s T t. \ s - r -; :; - ..id b iinui"
I bx? prunes t*> order.
Biliz k?Brig Klmida Blanca? 48ceroon* cochineal $i.*?7i B
Hhiico- 14 c.r roous O V (ileiin?2 do K A 1-xHiidcr?8 do 7U Ions
otf^o >d K Coffin?19J bides K llhodes, ot'Bo.Ion?$300 U it.I
jaurie3?$11 900 J ./ Lnb<uiase?110 hides to captain
An ''ayi ??Hcltr 81 Tnrmti*?>19 625 11m logwood 219 h tgi
"ff^AV W Pe Kc i est?50 HP Buck. ?19 525 lbs logwood A <3
lottiere.
Dottiest It: 1 in port at Ion t*
Ni:w Ohi v v>'i?Ship St Mary? 1122 pigs lead r H Rogers &
:o?1 bbU G Buithe.?700 Aviuar Ac <: ?? lfi- Id-h hhds 845
t#g?T P Sti.litou?220 Ims \S' K Me* ker?fii bids J as H *r I ? r ?
I bales Youn; Sc Schultz? si bbls Kngler k Koley?10 Newtold
isc i rut- i bbls4kegsTalhnsdgeItWalltce?160ban
KobeHi k Willi into?10 b lies I Campbell?54 P 41 Taylor ?
'o?M'j do 150 kg? T N i Janaoly- bbls 1100 skt W Hamilton
?184 bbls Coon !i Sherman?539 sks Coles it Smith?957 bbls
to bales Dk Peyst :r k Whitmarnh?740bbl" J Foulk k son?183
d, Hastings k co?$-29,1)00 I I.it lie?$11/00 Corning k co
-$917 J Holl'ord?* pkg Pauiel Webster?51 bales 200 bbls to
) de .
Mobm.f.?Brig I. D. Noyes? 55 bales rot ton Picks k Co?
100 O Collins?14 De Lautny ? lOo Bogart k Kneeland?r?
trunks J Cclarkson?39 bales ordir.
MARITIME HERA CD.
roiiT op vkw vonic, jam auv t
ll'W 7 2* I Moon ill.KB IV 46
IU1? IITB 35 I KIUS WATER V 3
Ctparturt or 4ht Atlantis Stenuisrs.
r?OM LIBKtrOOL. rUOM HOST 014.
Britannia Jmi. 4 Krb. "
Calrilouia Keb. 4 Mar. I
Acadia Mar. 4 April 1
Packets to Arrive. Pavkctitolkpart.
Ln.mo.i. IONDON.
Wrlliiijtou.C'hadvricU, Nov 20 Mortreal, Orlfluig, Jan. 10
(Quebec, Hebard, Dec. I (1 adiator, Britlou, Jan. 20
LivKurcoL. UWinili.
8. Aia.rica, Cole, Nor. I# IImbcdc, Hiiltlemiu, Jau 7
l??4>. \Va?hingtou, Nor. 23 Stephen Whitney, Jau. 13
HAVRE. HAVRE.
Durbrur d'Orlcana, Nor. 30 Albany, WaUoil, Jan. f>
ruuy, i nompaon. tier. i 1
To Mailura of Vruell.
Commamlrr* of veaaeia will canfer a favor by having a liat
of their eargoea, paaaeugera, mid a report of veaaeia left at
iba port whence they aailed, an I the vreaela apokeu, ready
on their arrival here for Commodore BtasvTT, of our feat
at uewa aehoouera. Ha it ill board them immediately on
their arrival.
Cleared.
Bhip Neator, Moa*?, New Orleans S II Hisr ? Brig Kliza
beth, .Mtllingto-, Ponce, I'R B Richards.? Schre Geo lleury
Horner. Port an Prince. Nearnith St herd a; I lent l'acon, HodgJ.I1I,
Btickarille, NC. Badger Si Peck; Mary J tui, M. Math.
Norfolk.
Arrivta.
Snip 8l Maty, Footer, from New Orleana, is day a, rot ton,
to Jnhnenii Ik Low Jen.
Brig 1'lot ida Bluuc >, I'edr sou from Belize. I load lira. I3 da,
to B Blanc > Left ?rhra September, for NV'ork. dirg; <iuat.imala
Paelel, fir Hivana. Spoke Dec "it, lat JI 43. Ion S3, trig
Henry Lee, ( onu?. of Hti I for N Ifork, out 31 da) a fm St Juan
Nicaragua?majority of the crew aick with fever; 26th, 1st 25
S.loii 79 2u, parsed ahip t.hi'lion, of Boatnu,headtug to the
NWBrig
J I) Noyea. Ath'jv, frutn Mobile, II day a, cotton, to the
neuter.
Brig Hector. White, from Met ina, 64 da>a, f. uit, Sic. to
Pirkerlon St Hart?I imaan ger.
Bchr St Thomaa, B re water, from Am Ca> ea, 20 daya, with
logwood,to 11 P Buck.
oclir Klira Klleo, Merritt,from Port an Prince, IS dava, logwood.
Sec. to Maillaud.Keuuedy & Co. Veaaeia left before reported.
Bchr Kliaha ltdekman, Bi iir.lrom Georgetown,llour. fce to
thr inaater.
SchrJ W Kempkoi, Brdc'.l.from Norfolk, mdae, to Stiirva
Set lea man.
Bchr Kmblem, < ocklin. Virgioi i.
Bear tlallaut. Thorp, Virginia.
> 111 i.
Packet ahip Cainb i'ge, B iratow, Liverpool, and other;.?
Wind N W.
Marine Correspondence.
oinct or thr i-iiod* lat.atrnrn,)
A'i U7nii7, J oi 2 19<2 S
Ait Dec 30, HopeJiSu'an, Nai tuckei tor Norfolk; > hint.
New Bedford lor do; rear.ih. Allen. Harrington; I > ik Hill,Lincoln,
Ma tiiaaj Splcudtd, Brown, do St Helena, 11 irlow , 1'homa-toii:
K.ineline.l'|a*k. Kaatuort; Larch, Allen, Harrington,
all for N York.
Arr3lat, Ueiter, Ma.on, Portland for NYotk. Old l'nland,
Uaia.ni.
Jan I?All the ahove ve ?el? rem tin at 4 p in.
A letter froin (apt Hinjlie, of the Ohio, of thia port, renirtr
her at itio Negro, Patagonii, Oct 2, CO day a hence, all w.fl?to
tail on a cruiae nam* da) .
Hum]ay, Jan 2?Bchr Antoinette,' atea, of and for NV'i rk,
from Turk* Inland. I.i da) e, wilh 6'-UU buaheiaa dt to N I! Mori
iron, about 7 o'clock leu evening, in a ?q tall, ran aabore on
ti e SW point of thia ifcl iud and bilged; the achr in iy he gut
elf. if the w-atlui tliould cone far- rablc, hut thecogo iaall
loat. Cnpt C aaya lie tntde h ire I.land light at 1 p m u Friday,
and in a ga'e ) lit his a nla ami wan compelled to h* ir away
for thia port under hart poha. The cargo and part of ache insured
in New York.
Sunday evecirg 6 o'clock?Arr ahip Fii land, ofKrone bunk,
Train Newcaalle, Ping, for N Vark?abort of proviaiona.
Genrrnl Record,
v Bin*. Onr.asa, ( ipt Gallagher, arrived at Balm on the 2Uih
Orieber.
B< HH CllAl.LKMlE, Valpey,arrived at St Thomaa in 12 daya
hence.
Bti.am nut* ti.i?io>, Dunn, was up at 11 mm on the pith
nil mm tkn port.
La note ( tnoa ?Jliip Windsor Castle, Glover, owned by H
Glover, of ilcilun, denied at New Orlrana oil the 2lat tilt fur
Liv rpool, w i tli a cargo of 2.63S h ilea of rot Ion. w righing 11--llal
Iba Of thu amo'.nt 1.IS0 kalea were not reprtaa d,or ah*
co'iMi nave iMiwi n away j win riair*
Hinri i.m. at BoH01 ??n 1841 ?Arri?a!?:
8tii|'?. Dark*. liny*. Hrlir*. 8loo| ?. Total
Coantwiia, ||5 I 33 61! 3306 177 47,71
Foreign, 171 130 Bat 835 1713
Clearnnoi*: Ship*. Biri a. Uriy*. Sctir. Sloop*. Total.
Coitttwiar, tat I'O Air. 171* I ) *, 3*11
lorriyii, 111 I'll Sot f.O 1366
Foreign Fort*.
* Tkiaidaii nr 1'rni, Her. it?In port, Fritihlin. from aud I r
B?fi mi. iikk; Johati I atlm. lor .N For., nig; I ird- li i. Uo.ton,
dm*; Ann rir.n. Portion . ilaiut 7ih J in; Foam, < hax, I'm and
for XVurk. lo load in tor < if*.
i:?? Hattii w, I)c< 1 l? ln port, Kati. for lloalon, in 3 Jaj r;
Or-11' o, for Plnladt I iliia, tuou, I.'Kill I, fin lie -1 n, urSiltlr
before.
United Ftate* Port*.
Pom1.1in Jan |? Clil Mn-.unti.nl, Mnlnaxai; lloynn, Manna.
Hid Korea!
I nii adm.mii a, Jaii 3?Arr Wi n, Now Ot!?.in?; Madeline.
Timolol do < u'.a?l a* tier u It day*nnrr Ii of H.I era*, with Nl.
tale* and iniKh llnr U ?;?i r-iuy ?rather; K-rr.alreth M. a
Ar glirrfam; Treaty, Malign; Peru. I!ti*i->n. Wt-aahirlinn, N
V'lik; t ' lnn.liM, ' gjn: lli.li'u. ' Id Turk, Uoelon. It tin.
Kn r .ana
PORTI'GL i:si: FilMALK I'lI.WTIIF.HK
f^ftimcil an? OileWnM 1'ilU, from rorf?i?AI, art
f >?(I4fteivf, lo t#? oM'.rini i?. Ilii# cou*lry
finpmrM or. th? ?h*? <?>i?*flMi of I jugr. lni*u?
VTKW *ORK AOrlK'l V MBit
IN ii-inl ? and I?entalicn-; ' y Air* i r i ^ I
On Wk.UNh'-DW K K..IV J. 11"1'1 [} ?#h. tip followiugSTl
i 01 5? 'c<V Tlijll! tUf < '< 1 '* w [' 1" r -Cltr J !iy ,M r*
Mo?-11.pre!?etil nj inlivi'H t'
To commence at half p??t ..
rKOiiKAMMK-faat I.
Ah II Urn Adlirand ihi Angel- I. Ilui.t
l'f r K it y did II m<?
I'ly Ifrr am - ' Btroti
LV'bo'ii lu/niyi *?''? -...* Moon
I'hr ?*??( t ill- i > I-r >lr?
"..' riiit a
Urni'. '? MHi'.ry ^ Kolo. !>y) Sfo.'t
Jrf. M?r> PUi/. (inM/mith
I f?. \ 4|l *>1 Uitb) l ju,Uro*i (he ?j VnJ ol ibe
(#f Amtric* . . ( I, u4j
l?f Hr>ihpr?,(a fair) 'r.bb*
Iruwty Wit Moore
Tu a?ein PC c utn r ch?f;hilil!c*n half prior.
'Ii k U nii'J {> >2r >mrn<? mm v !?p oolain*'*! a* t!i* A* or
i?-.; at Wur, v l I'll ruin". Br a'way; l i i ? ?\ N
.dvi/; l.nrk* <wT?. Prradivay; fr n. Mr. Ko hr? at the
ibr-iry. Hud at thf ?J?. r on eijitg. jt'if "
)AHUA1M?By oMei i . ? i g i ( 1
Jlhi -ul icr.hc Hilt ??ll at -ucti >ri on th* inrmiji'ii no thr
tihihi i i Ki ln ? ir, nrxt, it in on, tha xi ry d'fiI
r ) # ,!
! n i 1 .v iv bet-n r.i H iu hiny and I in ic i. fr< .itiiiL r?n thr
I i i II,III !? t ' tVM. )i!:i'f P. b'Mlli J (I hythrf 4 n(
Icik v It in '? it (I' i r? V T#-ri, V f?|* f piidbj t Upii
>n. K. ? particular* I.org Ul? d l> ? r t ()m half fh*
rrmani on i . it ?t
|uirc of J NO. ?. n\ VIMKllH,
, , I 1 ' \ ! " W . , .
tAsf n^yt Loi ili.tiU ii i '
iaf Hniil' from llif'r a-inirfihp arl.r.l#* of ivi rm? / *rrI
II (iiiwt Mi u th? ? iv. irit i raaii r hUni (i U??
rr '20 ri ' ni * ? i " i ti
H i f \
<?.: i " '. | 11 * . ^ , \
F.irnili'n and ymtlrru^ii ?.u? i<! I l tlfir rr?idrin*.; * M ay
in In i lit. H.'I a I oiiln? lift. rt ?itb' r ;>J ? c, - r ki ?.t hi' n^h
t> Pu t Orfr# w itfiT/iv n n-11 -U-ji io.i
N K.? l.?dict atimnl a nl Ki.if) D J1 Drtrirrt a * ? *?r
- .i . t
4 fUU ? \l 1 \
err.. tail v ' i ?cr> Mr < I- fi'niN H<?m . .i?th
-' V. ' c I
; rti ^ itthlei, t H trttl I I' * v
? St
Aaetlon *H?I.
BY THOMAB BELL.
St0f ' t .inn a Hit 1II Allium Irtiti )
" TL'Esl) \Y.
At IS n\ lock I I 0 sul" r..oonr.
Sal-of dry go'do, dulli ng, fancy and pledged ?( c : ?.
11 ) .!ae.
Alio, tmntiafy IhixI! nrd'a wm^nt, a rtucit of milt* r> ar
lirlei; 100 uplruilid nrw iitylr up] faihiODab'e Udi".' h iM
trimmed with wreu'lin, Ac. \.A
Ik", ?llk?, Hliu< In.eriK, koeirry, kc. Alio, 10,'K?0 IViur ipe
organ.
A >i). 'Id Buffalo Over Cost#? a .piaiitily of .-lo'/.u^ ,:il
trunks, largr ir'aM i aand fancy article!, ioy?, So.
WEDNESDAY.
At 191 o'l lock alt lie Kilr roomt.
Bp'riv'id firritijn -:i'e?t'nu!|i:i<ingeaiv ? lookint g
IkiIk. bedileidr, on tlrmoer, 0'ift*. Iam|>- china rro k< ry md
kl iok ware?uplriidid new tiiruitiirc, eight piano fortes See,
Alfo.a larki- lotof ?tore fi'*H'e?
KKIDAY.
(At 10) o'clock, in tlir Sa'ei ltooms
A oplrndiu ?t ickof tii?t rat" ic idy mad" clothing. Alio,
hnndaoni' and wll aieorted dry good*. At III o'clock predirty,
ail rati'" ?t"<k "I choice Winn ill druiijalino ind bottle,
i ir Superior Madeira. Port, She ry, Ac . favorite Orauda?
Also iii.coo Spnttuli Scjram.
NEW k-OHK \\.? ALBANY vu BRIDGEPORT.
.>,< V , |.||i r -.'*1 ?. Ii.f * T iiu
01 ( oti the II in itoi Knilrooa. will rua M B
p< rt ud North I mi I 1 wp \??s
Lmt< > ri) i in nd if) iun tye excepted i I k,
A. ML?in 1 arrive iu Br at 9? A. M, Lent : id -.it
itlP.M ' oat from New I i*t
arrivi it North! ioh tl,P. M.
I' -'.4. ufera fi s libb\* ihii
NY*v Yoak fi oin ? ito.u n.e Mark'? nlij> at 7. A. Mbv .1- .inbo
at to Bridgeport, th i Kail road to North Caoum ?
Leave North ! t i * im I .. I iii,t7 ifiif^a < .?
htm thence r H oau i 11 d < to Oi - - arriving
at U: M.
h ri'in Alb . . lea*# Oretuh sh it t r M \ y \V> - FLu
i ad to'hath m '>> cei!: at 2? i ilea to North 'auau.
Leave North < in**n nrxt mnruiug at 4VA M., bi r id to
Bridgeport; Uieoc# ' team boat to New York?art it ioc Yom
2 to 3.1'. M.
b m#' through *1 "0.
A Kr'-iglu I'ri n vill lr ?v? North ( ' il; i-i>*e
excepted,) at \ M. and Bridgeport at it A M
Kmght l?y thUro i?- will tr-tti?p >rte I betw#- n N. V rk
tlld ? . 11 ' u ! i I I s ' - '?! I ' ) < bi I i t ' I.
b ndle , and valuaW# parcels will be charged higaei i iiecrt*
tioii.
A lin* of trains ar*- now o;i the rou'r for the tr m- n
of Fre'zht bttw? eu North ' tn ?.?u ;?ud f'hulhani.
K il M \S()N. mu1h , u'
Bridgep rt Dei ftfilh, 1841 la *
Kt It ALUANY?AihI iiit?4inrd<?te ptacea,
"r '-* 0' "P 14 ,,,c 'rr n l*r,n<f -in * I'Tinec~v.turn
v. i* i . Ph-m^o f The >.Uaniboal
KUdKKi' I.. v;TKVKN'S, Captain Mib*v, will leave
Murray str*rt Pier bmiJa) morning, ?t 9 o'clock.
N. It?Thishuat fame through from I>ou*hk?'''i*ir mh?r
I "t trig
For I'tifltfnge or Kr ifibt, apply on board o** of Crook", r >\vtsj
k t'o. at the corner of W *' md L.ib?rtv slreete. il
N'OTH K.?Tin - bt ailierN redu ?ng lit* ' rtraent
at iiuiivuall)' low prices, atirli art nni*t please*!! wh-i wi?k
to purchase any article*, either iu the intdlrry ard ? >u- h
tie**, and particularly the folloxyiog artich *
Webbing. thread bittn, stirrups, h? IU.
Pa'cut leather. It clotn bow*, laini>fl, knob*.
Lares, tack* robe*:, bucket*, binges, aule#.
Spring*, cattiDg t, Jkc. J NO. S. Sl'MYIKKS
i ?i in -..i 180 UT?t?r street.
i; M'v-.WI- i i MISSIONARY MEfcl1>0 - Tfw m niai %
V rife, Itev S. C)m*e, Rev J.G PiuRref. Rev (i s. Brown.
att'I Mr*. Wi khu. I?eing about to nail for Lib?ri:i. in Africa, a
farewell Missionary M rtin? "*nll be held in the Mrtli (first 1^.
Church in Green Mr'tf, on Tuesday, (this evening) 4>h iustto
commence nt 7 o'clock. The mi*-nonaries are II expected
11 bt pri i9iit? Addi mh *, .?pi ; ri its U ft e o< eui n i iy bn
expected bom the above name if brethren aft# r which, a collection
will he taki h up iti aid of the miMnnary c*us* The
charge to the missionaries will then he delivered by th C ?rrespondm
' Secretary of the Mis. Boo. o! tli# M. F. < hor^a
H. BANGS,
j t It* t'I, *. i. vi ( .'ti-in' t. i Ai ra".'7
| NKOKMATION W a(S iTTTi Ok JOHN O'llONNUH-n
'Irishman who landed in New York h?- l of June last, lei;
thin c ity C9th for Savanmh, ncrompAhud hy auothcr 'ruhinaii
of tlic- iiiinr ot He nry -lohnston, who sai l he was t i*r; to 411
uncle ol his, a Doctor Johnston, who lived com culeiii to Savannah.
Any informh!ion given of the pxiri John O^ 'on*: ?r
xvill be thankfully received aud gratefully acknowledge.}
jt 81 T. CI A V F,J$ Vi U New I ?
ARTIFICIAL TEETH.
A RTIFU IU TKK'I'H?\V ithoul ( U?i>, Ligatura* i.t ,
from a alnfi. tooth to a full ,nd comidrt. I'l.m tin- principle,
of almo(|iheric|>r"iaur., by M. LK\ K TT. Dciiiat,
'i6a Broadway, < urn.rot' W,1 r.a jt
[From Hie N't* York Commercial Aibcrti*er 1
A friend at our elhow mju.gtj u? to notice nom. tr.th he I
Ind inserted by Dr. Lrt.lt, of No 'J60 Itrouiway, and to.tate I J
lii. entire labefaction, not only with regard to th. t? it, them- I 1
nrlvea, but the manner in which thii delicate operali in wan I *
perfo'iix d. X
Dr Levatt lm< h-< n too long b.fnr. th?' public a. th. jutro 4
dur.rofthe '* Atmoepberic Pr. aurc Principle," to requite a t
qrwW from M X
Co|iy ofalctter from Oen. Duff fiir.n to M. I.rr.it.
Baltimore, S.jit. ?J. Utl.
Mr Levi tt?1 write at the rrgumt of a IYini#lor whom yoa
mid. a ?c* of artificial t.eth, to my that th.y have Rtt.n eie
lir. ??'i?(arli<m, and that your i riuiifle of atuoatih.ri. pre.ure
in fully verified. I f.rl a duty to you and to auch aa may
ataiul ill need of your rrofn.ionlf arrvicv* to r* commend thna
to you. Your obedient r.mint, DUFKUHKEN.
jt lui* M. LKVKTT '?') Broadway
Tv 1THWIJT"MKRCUBY.?DH. "|J BRKNN t na. >ur
?? nouor ol miorminir the citr.'M or New Vora. i'm,
hr cure* radically, on tti. hoinroiiaihic *vifm. ano in a i-w
dav*,every drectiidiou ot eyt'hilic difeaae, whither mint ?r
ofloiiR ataiidinx, without danger of r.lap.e, which ret/o/Xen
occur, by the u?. of mercury.
The remedy of Dr. Brenna doc not contain a particle of
mercury, or any other corro.ire or poinotytu. miocal. and
mereiorc cauinai possioif ricicige ?u> uneirnous lunueoc*
on the body, it cm be con>?*pi?:M!y administered; its '^ration
is always twic, und no bad cum can f?'!o .v from
i'suse, ko". ever critical the circuinatauctf under wiu.k it ia
ttkil*
I'aticnt* niehittg advice mi rotieiilt Pr. Brer.cc at hia
OTM.IirMilt Bidding, comer >f Brwadwajr and <n?:.ao?ra
itreet, entrauce in * hamber* mr? t. at anv hoiu from in A. Si.
HtF. il. j. Ira_
T 1< 11* Ti V. VI In It AN i htMffi r Y.?The quarterly meeting
? of the Irieh Km'tjrant Society will beheld at ( arroll Halt,
Duanrtt'ecl, on Wcdceaday rif icg. lie 5th of.laujary, liWTt.r
rh ur to b* taken at 7 o'clock.
ItOBKHT HO?.\N . TV*iJent.
Ornrtr I.. h'eelfe, ( , ,
Michael Bnrk" )4 if
| UST OR 8TOLRN. from on board ?>? thi Imnbotl
I-* Hlnde Island S^nnliy i?r ruiii|, .I?n. 1, between the
hours of h ilf past 8 and half P54*' * '* hfcl i color ?l round top
hair trunk, considerably worn. with one of the ir n h.iudlet
pull* d out of th?- plate, coi.t lining two Mark coat*, ho iic worn;
one shutf colored ilremt coal, hound with aillr braid ; one uew
clolli cap; one large* pea-coat. cotifid'rsbl) worn: Blunt'*
i han of hoi g v i itl Sound ; Chit t of Gloucester, ' upe Ann;
Blunt'* Amtriran Course Pilot, and anumhei ?d other ?r* <*!? .
Any person h-ming sur h inf?vnt4tioii al may lrml?o the diacovery
of the aaid trunk, w II he suitably rewarded, by rjliuf
out). Pr sroit, at ffrye It Shaw*4 Nnitlicd store, 28*1 fritter at.
P.im nbrokrrs and others are particularly i<<jur?tfil i.? be op
llieir card. $3 W
ISLAND OF Cl BA
To Invalid* anil pvraone of delicate loa th who v.jO tin*
Inland.
hII?**N4, ist'i r?f. 1*41.
' lilia* long been a malt r of regret to ilic inhabit!? t< >f I ,14
city, that on tin irrn al of ii.taliJ* frmn the t ri r,l ."t.<t?a,
w itli let!er* of introduction, it ha* rever heen in !.. :r t iwei
to ri'Coinuifnd them a tnitablr tetid'lice in tic r r,, It
ha?, therefore. I??n Dermaary loriueh t>er?nn?, ci'licr t . t .lie
up their abode in the to el?in town, r lure the aoi-< r:d bat- ,
tie of a crowded city,and the waut of th<' pure on, n liert
and r aim retirement of a rr.ioitrv life prevent lino drriiitjg
that benefit. from the chance of climate, wi,.rli llo n- I i.ally
expect, ortlicy ar> compelled to go to place* in Ih- 1 n try,
?net" 110 adequate |rrpaialion Ik* l? >11 made lor r King
them, ami alien- tlm 'ipar'un nl*. >erp?UlllBlii'li- man
nei ot living an; in do true catcnlat'd for |rm'iw ?<s ? delicate
slate of health.
From ad ue consul' r lion of thi? want, at.J rf the great b#
nefi thit wonhl be derived hy invalids who s'ek to regain
their health in the mi hi ami benefice ut climate of i.Vi, if %
suitable abide should I;* provided frrth'-m, tl ? ?ub-? nber,
a mcdi al practitioner, long rsUhti lied in ibis city, *. <ppropiuted
hie to aulifui rofti < estate,cull* d the Hueiii r.?pcran?
/.a, limited in the most heathy and rinunti y?it of t)*c
country .10 as to for n t residence equally agreeable and ittracti\
. Id order Mo carrv out It-is iu ? n'?ou I<? the fui'est < vtent
that profeeeionsl knowledge ? ' ' 11 eipcrie?r< et the el
feet< of tropical climates < uld attain bo pains ?< ih <n
spared to form an establishment, whi h aft wis to t ? invalid
iff well is to the healthy visiter, every ration e ml
can be derived from dwelling in th? rnildist chinae ? rrontided
by the most pi* tiiresqm \ > gelation. Th* your f laid out iu
the b? auliful style of acll -e e^ta'e, c>n>pri<*' about five hundred
acres. The Due 4 Kvpcr.iri/i is lit unfed < r, fh*- south
sdeol the island, and is thus. hi a 11 no -u ? . sheltered
from the chilly winds which tow and then bl iw f? on the
north, during the winter months 1 dish I 1 which to
1 1 in* bseajrovn its eiti * 1 ' ' ' ' ' VPii '.-or / ^
of Cuba. The Iioih? h a bee'i built with * very alter.*i ui to
these c'lfnlV-rts soitidivpen?at'lr to invalids, and ?t w <the
hai'iJit trs r.f this country ?re s > de#t stole. A 1 tlu r >. -have
H' ardH |1 ?)rs o?d i;l si windows 'J tie estahlishmei t ir. on
th footing of that ol i? priv.te family, of which t?. guivta
form part, making tbtmse'v'* quite at w nif, mi l wt'h'Mit being
e<.mined to those rtf illations which are i**?.y i?t bote's.
In Ihifc t Iiiw# lit the invalid has it in his ? own to
vary In amus'mni'/s by walking in ttie si dy .-tuts ef
mailga and palm :r-?s, riding on liemhsik or in *. tufi , rb
siting 1 0 hei ig estates 10 thick I i; 1 . 1 (1m
populous country A larje sugar ept.it'. ? '? - af hs fl'ordf
an opportunity of di ioking the hot cam i n whih iu* sur*
n?uu.lifg a oods furnith arniwctrvnt to the s|?o?Uin?
The m, buribci's uiurtom* family ie. ibs r< m u: * > n (he
pegigg
i'ne ii? .?Hi Kept r uv/.a is situU! .bout thirty mileg
southwest of Hat ;tna. th? route winch tm-u. ,1 j ,? Inly
cm trs is lit follows From fl it ' . 1 ?
IW r III ! - I , | KftfX I f I
ptitl fit fl
Dy application to th* sub crib* r. at hi* rcVd j ' i 4. v 1.?, I
Nt ) Hi ill ; ?' .* fl
v 1 h ill d# la) . fl
Allp'rsojip iptdy i ? r?i r ,jecte.^ it m j 1 *,i# I an, fl
.lib jfl
11 j u * e. 1 ihu 'it, 1 H
? IMVAAI) I JMW V I'
| allf deO HeiUy, \ >.
I hav< visiled ntid snrnt ish rt time at U rsttli r mi H
|fl
. very ?t .teuu ? t l' ? i' ' 1 tithe J' . ? J*. ; # r: ta. it if I
not ' 'i need t r be tity ot icfwir and Healthy luoa kib by fl
| h* ilt wlii li I I iw f rn1 ii'' -iii I ll. mm la., il>*
[ 'I I)-. (1 I iy niml <'i-m l? nl mil 'I clir*'. ml itw F.nc'itB, m
ii I i V
i . Mi;. i*im* 1 .. . . I
i: M
I i | |i'i n |, tlii > c,..: i notig from llf Hoq II J, Whifc- JH
tr, th* iii-tii *m? ii^l I < 'inii.ir, nfri ii in v ! n h ??i I
(i i ...ii- (nl. |)i I 1411, Kf.j < Al'.in I li* t I
r I M 'll' i. Mil l'..''n i|.?, of Ni Yotk II I i 14 MOD- ^
ii I ik.Mi V H? -rtU< r, ol" *ln%' \ ffi*n. Im'l* I .j ,?f V
A Iria ilfi.', 1.1. m?J II?nrj \.(..t,of\)w ko?t.
il l?''M?w
nks'i'ni it \ n r i'ok i.m>i:.4 \ntji?<i nixkmkn"
j? .ml din 11** it. amh'o'o " t lt?.!?u
mil I- 4' \c iVt |r4 I 11-1M nu. l.ft linnil li. ' (I Mjt
ft?Mi>li i.< nl. a pr'n ?i? ??lii g rtion nn 1 i M l of for- tup- fl
j ! I T i|H T II- ll nil (I 'I mark' i- (! n ? 1 t S .1). H
- , |?. ttn-lr ; I'.ii.-Hnlj'\ , givinj ' " tuiifm 00 to
. . li I til I ! ! thnr piitnio-IJI . Frilllr nun
1 ? mu
All .Hull ri fi-irwl lo n.l ny' ? Jiniwr 1
r. 0 v im< Bin I pyr -mid ; aM kit.U |>irr . r>t *1 ? . , rktfisf
Ir.i rtjr. I I'll ) 'Mki' ' h?fl??IO roiKf, ptlo . irpir. v 1. K?1
in . . 1 1 1 H
KnilM i ?ih li' . M OUT tiro*, ? T.\ri-ff if JinH* - n / Ui
? :.il "if. tlif ir ri <" > * ill b ir 4f4r.1l>-.
vtaonan k .m v
,1 inn* |^44n4k l iwkt in.1 I' nf,. ? .
THIHP *NM)AI. II Auk Mb I Ilk. JKKkhMoOft tMtl^ fl
N vl'l H" ?T1 third %ri?ii*t Boll of hjr rrrr -nil
I ik-vl ;i*r oitllii IKk .loiiiMirT, lIMi 111 tl.r Avail * %
1 r.i ' * 1 'I *.- bt?l Brooo fluint of ih? city w ?. t i r
(hw it rim. in k*l? Fi.Hi'h, 10 !>* !na*i ?>l
iiinin Mnl.lllflMviririiitiMt H
Iii* ot Hrhl <-.??*. |0 ? rotr* ft.
1 Int Mrrg. Hrli* t(i|. '-T N1411 *4|| (i f
- r,;l '-.I.* r 1 y I',*;- I .! -t
S'ffi floni' r. 1 -j7 W?l,m? n ?t*
4Ji>rt?- f 1 o-k 1. 'jor t ,t.
or). DM r. 71 r u'l 111 it.
I nrp RtM *?i r, k'^oiy I l*.j IU- ?r.
Jji /5k,J" I'n?. B*ihr?r, T? J*c.n
Af AUK ?' i * ? '. A I .;K.
Til KK 1 M HIT.
Tlir" i r.MNO, l|i. 4 ?Tli' ' r i ( ' mawc# will MTmrw
LU.N DON AimIIIAM'I.
* : JUrcuuit Court , Mr 1'l.tctdr
P. Mr Abbott ! Meddle, i 'luuii *htn
Ufi!'-'. t W H WUIum | Hinaftf i |Q
i j Qijr S|?ulur, Mie* Ciwhutan
' ?: -t lUrkoway. Mien iiuloid
To be lollnw td by
i.A i HACUVIKNNT:,
To eouctudr with
TI1K (Jl'AOKlTPKDS.
Wtto- Vi*licr | Abraliamidm. Willian
Tiiuliufla, Mi?. I'niclmi
But I'll 40 ctulii?(rnllcry 25 c? tils.
.. U at <|, I crl .r n?or> c inituiHci at T o'elo i
fit 4'1'tlAM TUVvi m
THIS r \ KM Ml, I ii 4- TH? i*i ? rmuiire* will row ma. <
wilhlhr K i*us**ri.ni Si ectacle tf
M \/K1T.\ !
" * Mr Kirhy? Abdcr Klrtn, Mr Lf well*
Ztl;..*. Mm Thorn**
Toronrlmlo with
1 11K HOliBKK O* TIU. KHIN!
SchimbrhtnM*, Kir by.
Sc,i-? K'ceuu .tn ? :d Idti"r?2J, Pit !1? * ' *.li?"J' Hi
Poo r ..u it <1; l'l.illi;i ri?*? .1 7j yreiiirlv
Kl niilKLIr'S OLYMPIC TIIK.\Tft?
THIS KVJl.MNU, Juji 4?The perferjinyc. will ro.i mtm
w ilhthe
T 11K QHKEVS OWN.
C i?i i " .m nil.: Horn. -j. 11. | Willi ..in jD lin|ji '.r.ii
r? U Alu* Sinqlrion
To be follow, il hv
T11K OKAO SHOT.
II r ' .r Timid, Mitchell.
I. t Mi?e ^ iuftletou.
.Vie- which.
Kl l/A ? Kl'I'l INS.
Alfn " lrr.ih.in 1 Eldriailo Mitchei
l.im Mn Timra
A '. > - Drew r. . Ic Koeti.i*. Uimer boi. i .? cisiv Pi
|S? i. i'i i?.ile bov. i ti.
Ot, . n iiriI '.h-t ?i\. Curtnin ri.er nt irvru
UUWlSHl ANPlllTHkiA'riUbT
.Xa rt7 Bowery.
THIS r ' . " IN I'll. 3?The p> r''.riti me* w ill rreummr
s: >M> AI'PKAHANt K CK MU TUKNKIi.
T?:< r .iui in coinwenre ?ith ngraud *uli?. . . utill
ir.Vl.i.OPADK '"'VI KICK.
P.? It neiuamhrvby 'J VTun.rr.
N' . _ . g by the nut ii ailed Mailer Di niou.l
> will iri'fili, an imi'-nug Oojueiitri.il Ac!
\".u y in* whole emnywiy
In. liners', wnuee wonderful |arl")ruiaoC'? dc'> dee
?r;fti<
Hunr iniliif by Mr Due Lloy.
i om ong riy vlr llooth.
Tb" c -raiid Kirfri. K.unity go through thcu muoh ad
mi red l . of Uyinn.ma.
To conclude with
OLD OAMK TllOT.
Dor it evening a v.irirly of other eulert liunv-im
L'Oor- i <t b( ?)? i t . nuance cominiticr. at 7.
r?o\ . ; . Pit . > <. nta
Th - inl.r: kiiAC to the Zoological liiatitnle. will be
<oy?.ul I bitionduring Hi* holidays. Kolr.tucc No. 17, in
CWyet . si. Admieiion Ui C? DU.
S a \\ A H l ADl AN bAHUKA,
A'i iV> Wtcrkrt *0 erf.
. r the dilution of Mr. II ROCKWELL )
Till* i ' r.M.N'U, Jan. 3?The eutertaiuir.?ui* wul cotr.
ionic.* Willi a grand
WALTZ AM) STAR KNTREK!
I.<d by lire Oultin and II. Kockwrll.
IV i. IS II Ulli I'l'H tills hv Mr Killey and hi. Son.
A'"i MUilSKMANSHlP, hf M ?t.r stepneut.
Cooiii r , Mr. T.li U'. th; Jug-cling, Plate i*;ln..i..g, Sic.
by Mr I . S.iuda.
Pas' M mrtroeiii. ?, bv Mr. C Sando.
The i . '.as D ana, by Mr O. Stone.
Kegl ' Melt i'm, by 12illy W'hitlo. k and Ins Bntiio.
i)l? \v i ,'d Hp k do * na, by Master Diamond
Or.ir.il tiii. Ti to, by M alter VIimoml, Whillock, a?c
T.G.I <ub.
The V ., ! J-. n Maid, by Mrs Gullin.
Mr. S . vib a\)[ e ir in the character of an Indian Hunter
The M r. > to conclude with a Langhable Altcrpicce.
I>oor * ?^u M a 41141 ter p.ist 6; ii.rformance to comiuence
at 7. ii? ?m 50 cei;U; nt'25 cents.
A MKRIC \\ nvssi Mr,
Comh Biocuhcuy cnal Ann strert.
r Mid %p?raml r>irector, Mr. F'. T. Bamuut.
" The n;..i g r luii |>lea?urf in ttiiuoiiucing that he b^ieifcotfd
an eoyng' - it wib the ccb bi ited an !: ccon t lnhed dnn^ uie
v, iUi in - 1 v irabli knowu througoout thf ( nitcd
titatcd a* 1 t "ai adap. oit I a IVtlte-Ccleitr.
AIpcwmIi Mr JENKO8 the celebrated tenor pingrr and
dclinetiii*. : Yankee ecccutriciiies. An 1 likewise with the
renewed LBINO I.ADV
hicnor V.irnotte will ' *(libit the wonderful arid h? uiliful
fTAl.I VN KANTon INI.
The pplciitlid COSMO^AMA was entirely changed on the
let of Jam. ?ry, and will h changed regularly on the firrtof
* \ < r\ IIIO l .
Print i, < s of Scliools and their i>ui>il* admitted on liberal
Ad-nil * rt to the Mnneum and w'l the entertainment#, *25
#oti Iran under 10 years of age half yriee. t'ri
M U S I C.
VflESM.- O. WKISS & HHAH.M, merrbert of the (Jft
-'J. Society, hrc leave to inform th* fanhiou
?We <? < } of New Yoitc aixJ its vicinity ttial they have
forme , a < .1 *u<l cllective hHtnl of instrumental nerformm.of
Wrenty in ni inter. if required They have all the faHhiouahie
M* We rxt, lialo|?, end I 'oflllions of the celebrated composer.
, fetthaulier. I.abtttky, Muimril and other eminent
profea. a. and holu tlieni.tlves in rrHcliu.iw to attend private
part ecu, foreee.'Vr They will attend with two inetrnmenia
wiolin ai.u 11 mo forte, aud any additional B imber that may he
required Kutot* will he promptly attended to by tppl yin: at
the inuar bo re No. 411) Broadv\ ay,and at their reiidenrea No.
3t Pelan . ?lreet. It tin
MUSIC.
MESSrH SCHNEIDER A R E B H IT N, director
of ' >e well kno.vn Herman Baud, bey leave to lufoni
the fi?hio:i .Lie so letj of New York, and tta vicinity, Ihv
tbeir f> " .nJ effective Band, eonmsttiiK of tweuty iu.Lumen
talp. m. i# now rtady to attend private parties, soiree#
a 1. Tl?' ; nave all the late#t and most popular Wa)lwi, Co
lions ! (salon# of the celebrated composer#, 1 aaurr
HtraiUeM and Cvbitzuy.and will attend either with two iu#tn>
Hkvu Violinand Pianoforte, or any noniber th?t ty t*
raquir* <i Ml nvurn will he promptly :itt* ndel to by apply
ojg at r KAN rZRKE*S I1 ur Store. 992 Broadway, when
Ladie* 1 Gentlemen .?ie requested to inarect the mo#t unite
oal nfnoitir * !it of F r?, Skin#, Cap# and Kobcs, ever offeree
1 tiie i it if New York. oUfi ami#*
FREE LK' TURKH and PHRENOLOGY tested, by pub
lie cvain.n tt?e-n of Head*, by K. I 'Oombi, every Monday
Thurv ! \ evening, ?ud Lecture# on Matrimony every
?xet!a> and Friday, at 7* o'clock, at hi# office, uvt> Broadway.
To . iatrimony 1-, cent#. Private evam natioiu warranted
c rr?ct. with book*, Sic., a# above, very cheap.
44 In*'
i a!'. ' i v ' , v-. i . ?M'.tne',t ptiygiciax
L# off rt h? - *ervtc?*s to tht Indie# of thia City, brine tnlly rn
Mcitttrr y long espcricnce. Bt pt of rrfcrc i.ce#giv?n to tin
Modicil Fat .illy, it'required. Apply -t No. J7 J.4u?- * atrret.
dk i it
si v' Y rt' i E WJ.
A BRA i I. JACKSON, Pawnbroker B Rend# ttres
a! l I! V vjw.iy, tonus money :n Urge or sn.all euiri, a
mav h?* rrtj *ed. on per# nro dricriiifiini t'
Hi" I' >V hLL'S OBO.DELDOi., which it considered by
t .< . Phj ai it u# in tht V. s. ? be the ? rjr best r in
poiiitioa i raiitteocc for K^mmatiam. Spraiu#, * lull*!urn
Cltoi' ed li r\?. C ramp, Numbn*##. WeaknriM ofLir i*,etc
N B It 14 Uir?e time# 'he Ntrt-ngth of any otlu r kind. Br
urc an ! i >r Whitweir* ()p?xl? d? c, and rrceive no oteer
ck!> ) ~ ?'? tn prove the truth of the remark tuat
* rtea#urt a* art a?
OH pei cheated a# to cheat,
nr?- Tr. cru?a.
Hob' nt V. noleaale and Retail by A.B Si D. 9and?, Rnig
nipt?. No.79.iiid 100 Fulton n eret . David 9an.l# and Co . No
VT Lat Beoadaay ; Abr*m B. Saudu Co. i>0-U73 Broad
way.coro?r' f C Himher atreet. AUo for #ale :? above, th<
AROMATIC 8NUFF,n lor lleidachc and Catarrh, coin
poecd principally of root#. #bru ?#, and recommeml*d by Dr
WatCTiu ?. - . late f'ro'i a??or o! Cambridge Uuii friity.
d^h. p , rnti dH 2t?a^wlAw
WEI> (Jr? llir. b h. > MMi 1 U.S. liouaau n|C K blruaU
Buff 4'i, >nJ ali the aafrtvfund hanks*; Lawrence
Oleae,a'i<l *!l the tree or reiiWai k bank# in thia State taken a
par for elnjha, ?:.u*iiinierea. vetting:#* flannel#,kc. at the lowe#
cajh pn<" at 4#1 fGreenw ich#trrvt n<-ar mrb dll liniv*
D~ll t. \ v eor's balsam oe li V hitvvokt ?f.tot
K*-wii-) vill \+ paid to any pereoa who will prove th<
a#eertioi.? of th- " Widow tu the Bowrry** t ? \>v true, thit
am not toe rother ol her l ?te hudhHtol. F \ Thiyer or thn
I do nr* y --tn the oiikpnil reripe f r Taylor'# o
Livcrw >rt r tint I never made or t' id thi# inedicutr at mj
late rrtidene, 373 Bowery.
W.W. rH.tT#R.ttl Sprint: ??t.
Caittiov -I^ware cf the atatin eut# i f the int? ie?t?d am
fraodulen; ! Daily m< #t thamelul alta-ks are ma le, calcula
Hed to dec .* purctiwer^ and other#, at well t deprive ?h
vtfht/ul pi? ; rietor ol'all t|?? ir jn-t cliuin# Home b*r. tlwi
U but one origin*! re? tpe in * tietence, a'id th it it in Spring it
fn m wh ? t .e medicine w t# origmaMy prepared n> then
i the Pi i frjr, and ? tabl,#bc d the medicine in it# high rt
putc. T< none made hi tho#e who ire try ii.k io decciv
yo? by LU i??ertior#. Pure ha c ?nily that inane from th
nginal r? ijx iu Spring rtrect anu >ou are cerlaiu of th
|feiiuin?.
Ag-nte :iiothers #??pp'ied, on lofhly f ?v nb'e term#, b
like ol- -rietor, W. IV. Tiiawr. 2.1 Bpriiy etreet toi
merlv F"~- v^rv. d?S Imi#'
SUI RFINE DRESS COATS
or THE
BEST ijl'AM r V,
Utt *1 .< " rk;n*u.Kir *rd mHt^rta.*. t^r TWENTY TODI
DOLLA"' -!*[>. P?atnlii?n? T*o D?U?r?,?l FHU.IPS' VM
T.ilt.r.-./ ..t'liihmcnt,
144 Bri>*i*w*f.
Tf reev m.n> by the i.mrt nrpeuure n. ?*? a U
?tr. T * ' no empty cuartnte hot one (h it t.i* rdTerUn
3iI|m h i .. Itafulf.t tt? ...ldar, quality prope
tlaiblt lower. im
rpflh, : l VTC? F'OhlTOn i.i iVTT\ rl'nK,?ic -v
1 for i' V. 1811, i" publiih'd ? 't ' u uni the aitmirab
article u; bVaireu lla-Li.# M M-ci'iuy , an mtirle
Wila.'D, uion the D.>w fall > t > .p eon. who h wi
rieet th< .if.- tmu and'q'iiefceii tlie pil ar , f ( qiry r ? >r ;
JB?*? LeHrrr ?nil Noire >11 th* North Arnt.itan Indu . ?, wit
eicrllrtit >t ?ol? , Bnti# . Field Arorta, mo-1 rlahmaWiy n?
fully tri <1. after NimrodV .mini pleeaant and |.>#eippH
trie ; ti'i ?* Anatomy of Suicide . til'- lit- (, r 1 ?\,<e
Ham t the '1 *? Nune. * d< ey. tragedy ; the fi'.t p .rt > f an ,
count of A'.- n'e Kapcditi. ? ; < Hu*e I 1 in for War auamet i
United M il. a 1 a Love Letter ol l?f? r. -j food ; Convent
Traneiar ! a . Barna'y Rud.r ; < .ar'- ? I > Vlnl'ry ; A lire .tot
ofHonW. v Iii., with n. n' loriy ehml .rce'ra in *cim
and Art : .< inw)' tn re nf a nuireil.i'ci . r rhiraclrr, a
ume petlrj*.
Thi? uui.' rnftlie Mmr in i- made npfm-n thr K In huBevi#
w. ,\i!. u* in, Dublin I'mririi y M if nine, Bin
arool'n V.-;mue, Hritani.ia,Kraaer'e Unite I Viti e Jouru
lumiorr vlr. Uiehrne,Chamber') Journ I, Literary Jour
and Spcit if.
We emK > r ihe whole arte ol Britiah t't >'ir .1 LiL
aire : ati ' 'be Mu?eum contain# m re milter i . n< "I
moot hi v i. >rr? than a ij- I la- Kluibur. h K*? w?
0fcte to off r the pith and apiri ofthewh.!* |"he b 'n u
ttumb r v ! i ontain ano'hei ei,*rl|r:it rrtir e by V , n
|u. ' lb. V. lie ?l from Ihen- I li'll atiou tko Id he wl i.<
4?" Fii-' he a year Ibiolmhe ' by
K. II f'r'.l.L (I t 't . 197 Ch> rout #tre?l, Hi 11 elyln
Hold I , || e?r?. < AllVII, , fat () , New 1 ? I
Junt tail.'iihed, i? above, h?rnl? me ?u t eh np editnvw
Ten 1 11 ,i.< oid a Year, t hai le? O'Malley, b?ni?by Hut
? d i a . Shorn fi H
KRKNCII HILLI.NRRY.
4?? Broadw ty a i I i?| Sowery.
MRa VURU'IM), tut >? r in A A Kueel, forma
A- A. Mut, rmpeclfiil'y inlorme her frirnda iml tbe t
Re jin'r.,.,, tiMl ?he will npru on I r n?d lurinnl t l?'g?
rtner.toi 1 epi.tirad Dr ?->ee, Turban.e, Stc . wItere tli- l
til r tv?uic moot tiefactnry altrntioB.
Mr*. N avail# Uervr.l ol tin# iyo rtunity of tb iakin;
Chile for the eery eiteaeive pitruiMfe ?h' bar r reired
r omn- in ms in I" *>. and b y# to a.reure the.n ?l hir r?n
J enrrtton# t" m> nl tbeir ?n nwrt d r <
LAKD?i?Wi'(f prim* Uni l-.l, I no,in* r-un #aip htl ii
.'i 'mm S< w Orle* a. b ut #. t>y
4?_ K K_ cm I.INH V ' ft.. ?f Hoii'b#
f^lsSOLl' I'lO.N ?loeon iij i ce ,i| hrd aniul r.r J
JL* f. It U n?. the p-?rtuer?bip b rtnfare eiuliaf un 'e,
Arm of tV A K r, BILL k "tt>B It I d..# duirolrrd. The
irw f i r.f t'le fir ri Will be tetiUd by ibe #u - ? ru e t artuee#
RI HAHO wAl),
HKNKV W HIl L,
M MON THOMSON.
fAKTN US Hi?. ?The >o ?i ribew wi] oonlino*
mt'.a... all. weliy and falary *.mw1-. . nd*r the arm vl W.V!
BILL A riDMWN.at H Wd'iam # .
HICttAUD WARD,
HLNRV VT SILL.
H ? M ASON THOMSON.
I
. a*.-a 'I . ? >1 \; L 1.1 N ! ( K A D \ Vi . i) 101.
*. M ' ,,r.... ... r 1." Witt
iXi.Tiflr' ti l ? : ? . t' ? TlKS fcl.ainbi.t
tMKHALD, < J ?m, will leave the lootoliVlur
ra\ gUrrt th n.<? Lire t 9 o'clock,
? | fo CROOKC
K'HVka X < O it Ok comer ci ' H'e t and Liberty tree *
, J?
.. | > Vil.\ i ? 1 OAI.BAN V AND BOH
tw ' t'TuN - 111 N. w II,v n, Hartford ami
X*? I S J ? K fi'* ? ' 'trC Ml DoUatH.
I' v
ai'IKOS' ll'sKO Holy, ft t.n lYck alip. at 7 A. V. u rirr
v, |i?vi i it bait t>**t w; tneuen by riilro*<l to Hirtl rd
. ! urlvf it ,it mi 91* M when . io iMJiiwai to
1fl t?%?? th< in to Sprti flie'tl, and ?rrivr at alxnt 7 i*. M ti? Oi'ye
L* i ' ; iiiisfi l ?t 7 A. M . by railroad I r I'ostou or A.ba?)
ami arr if a* either destitution at noon.
ltrt n eby ?4mi convey ance, ie<*e Aib\ny or Doeton at 7
A >1 "d<r at Hartford,and arr at New sorb .tween 2
ami 3 I". M follow in? day.
i i arelfer* ar? as*urrd that t) u liiv \vill l? continued with
wit interruption tkroml th ion I I 11 | i t m wffl
hs?* h< ir ut innut riM UOH l > n -he ?h? route the u.ojt eoirfor*
d tabU and pl>miit ??I any for thi m inter* 6a
f - Ki?l< N t. W i. i; I | : i
fJutaV 11 ,r) ? Th* lirgt cl'*< ia> t nat1 ii u packet chip FA IK1
1 i.!J . ( apt tiu \V ilisou, will .ail ; a ab ne, her re
Itilar d .y, and can in a superior tnaxiner ar commodate cabin,
2ud cabin and eteernge ; MerugM?-, il innr.c iiat- application be
made on bo ard the ih'p f ?'t ot i' ? st.rio
JHI MAN. 61 flot tl? it.
? Vlllt fc. U' \X7 ilul r A \ S-Ti .I .Ilici...? I mm.\ \'*w
iftr'lVV0^ Liu??I1't isivt h F?r?t Regular 1'irl il-To
sKJ u th* 5th I i' u <ri ? 1 ' r s*? eudid fast suing p iritrit
> ip M IV>18H kTI. C.ip'ain (' Hilli ird, w ill positively sail as
;?1" vt , hf rf pular il ty. For tu p t --r p tss I ? in . sideu
didly fun ifili*'1 irc< mmod tt ions app'v o:i,b?Mrd ?t Or rum
wharf, fool of Wall sticet, >;r to K. K Oh!.INS Sit o.
61 Houth s ret.
fass* offers will pltuM bs on b ,,?,l it Oi'ltaoi wmimboi of
Wall strvei tonuMi vt 0 h I 1 . Rt| it which tbic I 1
steamboat Hercules willtake hi^SiptoMi* Groat ears ?vi!l
D be t'dicn to * are the good-* Ik t!i * liru t rtecfly measured.
Airiit in New Orients, J < ? E Woodruff, who Will i romp ly
1 forward all c > ?!* t?? In u'dicss.
The p ?c.ket . -hip ^OI'IHA, I hipt . Mulfo'd. v. ill succeed the
Miwif pi, nil a ill the iQt'* in* .. her regular day it
ia PASSAt a : RLEANO ? h I
t, i' * * !' 1 ' 1 ' " - ' o ' - 1 .< '
jjiUu^lbvpicket rhip SllSSI MiTl. Capt. Milliard, sails pc
ri'ifrlj on 5th J inuirv, her regular ?' ty.
j Tho ships of this Liu nil ereri Sti diyi oi puttrt fVn.
Harms superior immo ati us for bio. ore od eAo and
steerage piMCQ er-. the I I west rate?. F? r paN pi,i rl
application should be made on ?oird, t Hn ray's Wharf. f< )t
.i Wall ( eel or to W. ft T I 'SCO i T
11 49 S. nth street, or 13 Peck
iKW LINE~ol nVERPooi FAIKETB.?
4L1\ ) * ; t ., ! I i H l? .
, ; -,-v ... , ' ' i > ' ' V v r ,
ah above, her regular day.
The ships ol toe line are all 1U00 'ons burl hen and orer,
an< tlwir accommodations for cabin, second ci! i >, nnd a te< r*gc
patsongcrti. it is well known are KUitii'-r t any ot) er line of 1
( wckeirt Pennons desiri us< f ?ecuring be i the, ?h>uld not f.il
to make early application to '
VV. K J. T. TA'K'l'OTT, 49 South str ?t,
c Ti?er Gouvenicur l?nc, or 43 Peek slip. I
Persons desirous of sending f >r their fritu s run hare ihem
, broug tout by this favorite ship, or my other liue, sailing ,
from Liverpool weekly a'?d on favorable Dins. Drafts for ,
ni v .i . Hint i if able on ths National * dProri cial Banks <>f <
Etlis 1 tn i their Branches; on Messrs Jai Brclt,Hon ft Co. .
Bankers, Lond??*>; Exchutge and Discount Bank. Liverimpl;
which ire payable in nil the principal towns of the Unite.l j
Kin. don; can he had by apply iug at Tapicott's Gutral l>a [
sage Office, 49 South street. Hat (
RE MIT i'AMtlllt 'I'O EN iuAKll IKbLANll '
OT.LAND.ANU WALKS-IVrm ? . rocvdii g
ysXm^%4}r remitting tnoticy to their friends residu g in any
part of the old country, can at all times obtain from the subscribers
drafts at sight., tor any amount dt awn direct on the following
banks. If to Ireland, on the Royal Bark of Ireland and oil I
Messrs Prescott, (frote, Ames it Co., bankers, London, whii h ,
are paid free of discount or any charge w hatsoever, in every ?
town throughout (.treat Britain and Ire!and. For terms, apply j
oraddrt ss, if by letter postpaid, to .
KOCHK, BROTHERS k CO 35 Fulton st. J
New Y ork, ne?t d?i >r to the FuDon B ink. (
r?n?i>ns desirous of seuding for their f imds or velaiivi s,can ,
make the neees?aiy arr.ngemerus witli t-c subtctih rs, and ?
have tlvem brought out ut first class American |?acket ships )
ailing from Liverpool weekly, dating the ruuiii g year, 184Q, i
and one of the ftun. Mr. JAYTE8 D. ROCHE, is tliere, and A
will remain to see all those whose passages are pai 1 thcr*, for M
warded with carc aud despatch. For passage,or further parti- v,
culirs,ipply as tbo?s, t\:s r
a THREE DOLLAR HATS! THREE DOLLAR *
HATH!? Just finished, the most splendid article ever offered
to the public. Elegant short nit moh-sttin Hats at the
low nrict of ^3 Also an article at $? 50, equal in durabil.ty
and lustre to those commonly sold at $3.
d!8 lm* BROWN I'ractic *1 HaDer. Hit U-?n?l
.a n\ l* i L* f nrvi i uirta u w tv a u ii ? i . *? ....
evrring, Hi'- 'J4cti l)ff m'"r lail, a email wh'te Cuba
JT J7 l)Q(l ; a dlifcht tinged yellow apor on the right aide 1
oflm hack?anawere t th? name of Carroll. Whoeeer will C
return him to No. II Third etieet, will receua the above re- I
waid j3 3t* I
CiOAL?C(5jVL?COAl* ? 1 lie beet Peach O chard, Mloat,
' onboard achooier Charlotte, ol' ( ape May, at lluijj'r'i
Klip, tail river. Br ken and Epg Coal $7 00. Lump t 'oal *
$6.50 'lo lielold without reserve, wtigh.d by aci.> weigher, 1
jj 61 u
p KAN 11 MlLlTAllY AND CIVIC BALL, at Washing
vT tou Hall, in rommemorat oa of the glonons Battle of New
Orle ini, .I n. 8th, 1814. Th' 8lh being ou Sa< unlay, the Ball
w ill take place on EriJay, the 7 th January. IS Hi |
Committee ot Arraniemetite. 1
Oen 11 Struma O-n (Jeo P Merrw a
Gol Curtif Maj Dan'l E Del ivanl c
Mai L Brawled MajJesaup n
Majhr Tuttle Capt J L Ewitt
( apt Cornell Capt Domanick r
Capt Hem* Capt Bradley,
Hon K ATalmage M B Hart t
Amoe Leeds E 11 Barton .,
Thoma* Bell Aaron Il itlM fi-ld
The Commtttre pledge themselves that this Ball will be got
up on a seal- ofotyl' and uplendor worthy of th*- occasion
The seivicea of Mr Parker have been procured as Matter of
Cere monies.
Price of ticket* $2. which w ill admit a gentleman and ladies,
may he pioeurod of either gentleman of the Committee or at
the Hotel Early application i< necessary, as the number of
ticket* are limited. Dancing will comtnruce at 8 o'clock.
N. B.?Military geutleaien are particularly re Alerted to np
pear in uniform. _ <131 eodit*
JII.'h remittance* in.iv In transmute 1 to llle asm* add.ee*
a* hi* letter of >th December, and the parties* are dee.roue
to write to him
Nee Voik, Dec. 17. 1H41. dl?lW*
Cvitom I loos a ( < i i. re i on a * rut e,)
Nr.w Yokk. Dee.VOth 8ti. J
N'OTICE.?1The Light Slop etati'ined off St, afford P< int
will lie taken into |*ort on or about the 'JSth Dec mber instant,
and lenuin dunng the running of the ire. when she will
reauine her lorieer elation, of which tut- noti.-e will o given
dui tot EDWARD < I K l is. Collector
NO I'll'K.?The li in of BAILLY, WaHD St CO. is thn
da, dissolved by mutual coraeut, I. nrenre A Millandoi
having w'ltluliawu fiam it.
* B. BAILLY,
By \D(L H WARD, Attorney.
AC US H.WARD.
I.AI'llKNr, A. MILL AN DON,
O. U WARD, Jr.
The remaiaine partners will continue the bu^in'S ULiler tlie
aarar fi.-u
?, BAII.LT.
fly AUOS I!. WARD Attorney.
ACOS II. WARD,
O. D. WARD, Jr.
N?rr York,Drc. 3I.I8H. jt gw"
nlSh ASES Oh' THE EVE are alt'iided to by K. H
DIXON, si 158 Hu la >a etreel.?The operation lor squ'ni:ng
givre i'ry little p?in, and teinrari ihly aocc-ssfu'. It'fermci-Kobeit
II M. rna. Mayor of New York ; Rev. Knit
Varel* ; Hon Judith Hammond ; M U llarl, II go sheriff of
Ne? York ; I. J. Mapea. fc*'J. ; Hiltu Carle Ik N>| b>w ; Jam***
H Hart. M. D ; A. Hunter, M '' ; soil twenty-*'vra c.ti*ena
operated on by Dr. Die n Olh-e bonrefi, in 9 to 12 A
>1 J'r V aiirnu? 10 ail o'.ncr ?u-yi.-?i owrwi i--vv?
MOltBI NON KL?QItKSTI \ >K( L) >.- M-.i'lVT.T
THAN rOK.-Dr. K HEY MAN*. Phi ?iri?n Sur*-<>n.
laki a Imrt to iu( Tin the public of Ntw York and ita Tirinitv,
iul Ih it he hM tnl.rn annlficc, at tl Uoweey. tip t'nirt. Krom
a long and 'iaiicad practice in the Wrii Indie*, South
Ameiicaaid It oat on he will warrant a perlcct r.fi iind ?nee
dy tute, to all thoae elBiet d with certain di nc a ; at n leucorl.eaor
whiter. and arntinal weaknraa chronic rhmimatum
I dianrder of the akin imi'iiril ics of the hl.?od. w iihonl any tr ert
i un 11 treatment. Thr I > r. alao attr ada to frarturee, ilfki'di
oflVirraad dneaa a jffltctir(t the I u n >n avatem 'Hie Ur
, will cite con?t:int adeic fro.u ijlit o'clock, A. M.til nine p.
. M .JSLSZl
I 4 Mf.il 11) tHRIdi'MAt AND A HAPPY -TiTW
I /Y YEAR.?The utikacribtr would reateelfu'ly call the atf
trution ol the public to hia aaaortmeut of t ak> * and Co'.frci*
u t?'| , which can be l irj aaaeil hi uo other eatablia' mrot mi
lhi? city,either for ?aiirty orqual ty, emulating of Kroit and
Pounn Take*. beautifully tceil and omamrule" from f ur to
i twrutr t oiiinl# ; New Ye ?rN t'aki ? Rcotc'i < ake, I uff p?a e
I ake. k ancy and 8 pore a Cake* Mcctroniea Pi ami ?
e K eaea.Stc lie. Tiea of the ichcat and moat tari ddeaciipr
ti t a. made of tlie beat matitiil*. ahd offered at pricea coitim
murate with ihe limea To be had at lita different itorea,
n ur : No #a Barclay atio?t. 78 t'anol atreet. 4-13 IVnrl ?t c t,
and at hia Bakery, 35 and 30 Thompson etriet Willi liia |ir
e cu iar adranlagra. ann a det? iminaiion to beeicnndli m,, e,
e be relieeuron a due rim mat lag pub'ic for that patron g- which
e he eli <11 aln.hourly endear r to ih a-ree. Urdera thankfully
reerieed audputie* promttly "implied,
y dilJAwk.s t'L'KHY.ty iml'0 Th in,* n at
u-Ki re. "i i'iti'iM k <viv i as k hi 11.irn
P hi Williaiii trett have received per lute arrivals ami of
j r for sa'e?
AmxU ?i FftH,)
Apricots, >Preserved in the juice, withon' f" g*r or
.VinthellfH,1 7 brandy, in hoie* oll2 hcttlej
Cherries iu bratidv. f'urracoa, Marssguino Au-at tie. D tutl
iic Brand) . K?rv he. aini assorted Liquors
AJ?o. Kancy 1 hi. m. ru t;-b e tor hcl) da> \ regents. f lock*
Yaie* and Jewelr) . French letter aud note I'aptr. plain tux!
L
' otisUotlf on hand, a Iatr* assortment of j U*u w hite aud
k. g Poreelmm M i + %
T 'rllK PHOPHIKTOH TIlK AR' A OK HATH SI
1 Chamber* at rr lectfuf v mforms ti citiiwri# of .\ York
JT t' It iur given hm alt* iitu n t Ii u Jvhucc impnt of t* fir
lp' b a lin g < ii t f??rt. ha?R hxi pic, creel fort Mr B^lht* f>r v? in er
ia#e, ciu the rl ?nof the Ph siMt L u.don Portable Wa|i? ,which
,1 he v?|l| ct R'l tino i he , re i-rr d tu |MH) OQt t* hotrll |i , '(
a iMnnliee, and inf aIm!? ^t their domirilg. ya i h hot \c ?t-r. H e |
i" of nuth arcou ir.od^tinn mult be appiren' to 'all
. who wou'd ffmr> the pleasurable b n-fug of the let id t-ith
' The proprietor, to accomplish hi? preseir ncciuniiiodntio'i, h
n been at cou-idertblt etpenee. yet h'- r?lie?? with ct.uf? i?uce ?n
r. tt.e p?tr?>najje of a 4 sc. run g public whoee appiecictioa ol
f,u hu e i rtn>iw to meet their r?-j ir?mf nt? I e ha- no doubt will
,,1 be Hni<novrleered hy 11??-ir kmd atlvntion end tirrlerd
let ^ H ?One hour alter orders Set c lell at the Ba h, No
ltr Chamberi at the proprietor wiU are the Bcthle'tt v hi* c tr*
m ?n at the residence of tbe pers hi re*j"iriog it, jit is lite
o*u horse ml rnrt, and kept et|?rr*?iy for the ps.irpo*e. i o
ti. dmapsnir.tmMit c .n etiam.
V U?7 er.her' JORN B MA^ILLKHO
WOfl i- ' .*-4 fa ? a.t If. rr -I- <
mkI if residing in, r ne%r 'hia city, m rtquvst d t?? c II a *he
odlce ?f he Huharnberk, where he wil receive some very ta
ra ter**t??f news. J K. A H. M All J.Mt,
* t.. . r ,1 ia p.. ,r^r ii New York
z J. PROVOST, 'M L>.!!
I? k.A I NS his old ??fft No. ft Bro d strret, c ?mer ol
IV (St^ne flu surer** v\ ihe treat me ot of bi>tk the prim try
A sr?d serottoary lonns of venereal dtk a?e?. has been long sirtt''
e.t?blisked He challenres s?y fVysutai. in Amrnct uuoo
tif tke trtatinent Of th?ae *r?l *dies. HuoffWe M Si Bixi.dsireel
At home ail day and until 8 o'clock ever} t
: ' 1,1 - 1 FROVOBT M D.
? f'O.-t) LKA7, at J 9Tarfail's Prior)-. PtVrl sfrvat
VY Kmnk:in tqwire, utider Hooper's Looking td Stores
Ht k lira drti g Id. per park $7 g
,.J V suaJ gold, do 7 o?
I *le gold d?>? S
I Vi u cold t runie. i>er ol yt 00
P* f fold bron??, tin Hot
i i?? br.v I b, ?T ol Iron tl UI ?K>
Two f>r-1 r*?? W? ror "?W ill" I ? "
1 MADAME RESTELL,
ulr ItAKl' IAN, UfAt? al.il IMllriu. It" t)i *B
" I'Kh trarl wViarr ?||. < ?u r aniritad wilr tlv i n<tr?|
? n . rr ua <11 ct.iipJ(lata irKidrnl In nt baillf fr.nif
"J" M ?il ?i liratrll'a crvwr of ?r?it'n?nt 11 all (N>| n( ir'r*u
iK< luntv or ? , |irr?<mii of |h>i?? ftinrttaro o( n*lw? t'jim whirp
^ Lhr n a 111 I r\rry l-iu'la m auth ? i. r?j urr
hot * fen dm a In 'iTrcl torfrcl rur? I.ilira dcdfinn pr.ipti
- 1 >' ' 1'i iUnca during confin* moot of olh?r ind't|< ?iii u
?T||| t I'TlodBl'll d>r||,g ?ll<h limf With |T1T?lf <!) ' f?
II*. I hi ' I .r?l. ~ Pfffinrtrt I'owdM-f" for m irrifd lad?- ?
ah.? . -Ir r , rrrarvnui h alio forbid* ? too mjxd 11:.m>
>fl" 'l will b? arm B> i.itil ti. ant in af IKf UniM tlali*
,.i, Pro <i k?i All rltan Ipoat paad > wvd"?MM! - "bni
* H>, . IV ' Will h|i rniUM1.
Mi - ' fl fiar No T Kaafa at it? Im%"
M> I ^ BLANK E'l H AN?> L Afi ?~if Bjr
re V.'.IOBE ft BROOKB.Ii Ulw.'t
V O I li K.? Pmm4i? will tn- r need a* the cfRce of the
< ?n try iv rd * ( iVrch *.1?. 1% I ' i 1 ,to'uiu
?h the i<>low<Qg ui.?>ei 1 <tla itiid at icl< 9 Juf it** Uutud dibit*
Vrmy. for li it year 184 J, ozlJlue
clolh, 6-1 v%id*\ dy 1 d iu indigo and io the wool
u^v b'ue tail 1 d 1 loth, 6 4 w i I*
Untie*'1 cJ Cotton &hi> tt:ig,7 6 A'lJc
Hlraclte.l d? d ? ?l?>
V Unnel ' f < ottoo ami Wool, 7-8 wide
< i? ton Fi.uni' I, 3-4 wide
t Jiib'* ached C otioii Unl.iii., ?-4 an; I 7-5 w ide
bkewrhed do fc 4 Wide
I'i ifonn C .pa. for Dragoon*, Artii-ery oad loftntrv
Pumpoonfl. lor Artillery and Infantry
flaii Plume*. for Uiax<>oun
Baud* ? d Tat*elf do
.Aluwil! tt'*", viti'lery uad Infantry
W?*r?i*d Sa?hef, do do and Drupooua
Hhoutder Strap* eto do
(braii)f-r Dragoon*
F.paulettcs. Nnn. < oin d tilatf. Artillery and Infaatry
Woollen half Stocking!
Laced BooCie*
Lr itiier Slock*
blanket* 6, fee* loup 5 feet wide, Wright 4 poind*
M? > ai' t|. t'.quipinrata, tor Dro*o?4id, Aitillery and Inf.
Felling Axi*
Ha'chel*
l?ad?H
Drum*. complete, wifh Stick*. Sling*, and C??e*
Worated binding and (.'ord, of allki.il*
fommou Tent j
Wall Trot* arid Fli'f
Ho?f i'.al 'J till*
Fainting ltd Strapping f\nftpnark*
( a*ki? and Coot? r. gi, for one year i<om 1*t April next.
(Tlx <iuiniify uu<1 number of the?e aitul?? will 1* dtter
ir.ittd re-.fttr.f
,n.ln h, nf .Unnyi;/. i r... f. r t,. r,> I r*fit?ri^la
Patterns ?'t a I the r? quin d Wool en und < ofton Clot1 ? aud
?rtic!;n, re (!efs >fiteil in the Comrni.?surv If no I'* Olli e, in
tin* city, for ? \ launauon. S.iiipfc* of the W?.ollm and Cott
on t -lot I.h ?M 11 lie i?ettt to any m iulucturi ron ; licatiou to
t is Otfi , b\ maihatid such information given a* may be dt
tr?d. Thr I ?H>t es are to he of eight s /.; ?, an-1 the Cays of
fixe M7/s. The sizes and proportion* of ait" will be dialed m
the eootrfteta
Oh theeuropUe and pattsro* exhibited the con r?eti will be
* >u . led and insper ii ?us made, anil no n ticb will be receivd
that i* ihl? rn.r in the materiel or workmanship to, or that done
t,oi c -rreej and in e* try reaped with the pattern on which a
c<? tin't i Co 111 dt d.
The Miptdiei are to be delivered at the Unite.1 Stafu Arsenal,
n ar Philadelphia, for inspection, hi equal monthly yri
>u?. ai d the rontiacU arc to De fulfilled ou or beI'ote the 1st
dav of July, 19Pi
The pro, o?Hiri in cut he in writing. ncaVd, and tndomed,
u P op</>aN.v and must reach the (>fli?** of tht Commissary
O' tn rnl of Purchases on or before the 17th cay of January.
1842. No proposal wit! her ceiviaf rr 3 o'clock of thatdiy.
irity will be i luired for th I ? f i nti ..cts.
J. WASHING ION TV SON.
t ornmi-Hiry General oi Purchases.
CoMMISSAPT GrNKHAl '* OFFICK,
ladelphiu. December 17tlt, 1841. dllcodillT
/ <?>Y I *S f CM of LI FA..?We luvile the particular
vv a tculinn of otir reader? to this meet excellent medicine,
Adrer'iH'd in tl is paper. If we may rely on the. united testimony
of I *rg?' numbers of the first thysi< laue in this countty,
then w e mil t idinit tnis mixture to be one of the in??st r JuaMe
arfn in for tie cure of chronic brm cl-itis ever di:Cover**d.
And oUcm e, iti ibis respect. how touch it differ* from the uuB
rous di ti n eo much puffed ?r. lb< ; ipers. Not one of
hose me licine* whether pills powders, or syrups, hai recfir*
in, ipprova) of any comiderabU numb i of du mt Ileal
vrolesfnon. But it is not so with Covert's Balm of Life It is
t runirkable faet thai this medicine hss been a proved by a
arge number of regular physicians, to whom the receipt has
>eeu submitted a fact th.it canuot be affirmed of any of the
iiuck medicines which abound at tiie present day.?IN*. York
ntU >iman.]
For sale at 126 Fulton, and 131 Nassau street. New York.
fl4 1m"
"a "TXbTuiv5 ii \ih Oil. "K, covipoi nu khm%n
f V . TIAL UIL OF AL.VlOND*?For destroy ins dandruff
ind preventing tlie hair from ? oniing out or turning grey, pre
>uv <i by Aiitt iiio Pastor. hsir cutter, 165 Greenwich street
Sew \ r.rk This inimitable Oil has been the product of tweut
y-four yearn of experience, and f- r the last sieteen years iu
ne city of New! *k. where I have been practising in thohaiv
utting busur ss; an I the public may rely on it, that A. Pastor's
mpound ' hi is the whol^somest and best oil ?or the hai ?
r.ak? s it grow thick and l< ug. prevents its failing off or turning
[rey.and ?v*n if hair has begun to turu gepy, is such a nour
sner to the hair, that bv use u will restore if to its natural coor;al?o
i rrv nts h-ir from becoming shaded, and if hair has
ilready shaded which is a greet disfigurement tw young ladies,
ind if used for a short time, it will restore it to its natural
. lor. e'ear the scurf, and keep the head ; xid hair clean; pronote
eyebrows and whiskers. A liberal discount made to
vhole ale pure biters. A. PASTOR.
165 Greenwich street, N. Y.
Price 50 cer t? per battle,highly perfumed. '12 1m*
CIMTTU fir nrt'C
Oitll 1 H CV Vv V / u
P1UCE8 ARK LOWER THAN THOSE OK ANY
OTHER MERCHANT TAILORS,
tii :
Ireas Cllti, from 913 00 to 29 00
)ver Co. * 16 00 to 20 00
>asaimcre rahts, from 3 50 to 9 00
lickurf(oUndidTerta.from* -.. 2 7o to 450
N. B ?TTie assortment positively consists of upwards of
tft- *11.000.-ft)
forth of new and fashioi able fifths, Casstmerrs. Vesting*,
leaver Cloths, aud other Wsol feu lioods, w hit h w ill be made
iP to ordrr. in the moat worltmaiilikr manner, at
D. P. SMITH It Co.'s Tailoring Establishment,
No 58 Mai lea lane,
dl lm* entranre thromh the (' Oth Store. Net. 36
[\ W STONE. Al torney at Law, Ralrich, N.C.will atLe
. tend to the collection of all claim* ill Walks Cou'ty, and
Iso to the colleetionulelaitns of $500 and upwards in any
mint* in Hie stale. Hotels to Brytuj k Maitland, of the city
>f New York
lUirmn. N C. 18th Nov. 1941. n55 Imeod'MWfcF
7ta ( lil Ml HORNs?Taken from cattle slaughtered in this
I O city. For sale, in lots to suit purchasers, by
he Butcners Hide Association,eorucr 5th street and 1st Aveur.
il25 Im"
DECAYED TF." Ttt.
PAKISEN'S 8PECIK1C.
A flu It F. CURE foe 1 lie Toot1' Ache safcand ? asy in the
r? application, certain in its curative effects?a remedy well
est d, and if We span Uug?Prepared only by J. VV. Clowes,
oeutiiL, and sold by him, whole sale and retail, at his rffi-e, 47
3owd it , N Y. C ertificHint?Tj^e undersigned.havingu?rd the
rari9?u 0 Specific, hi nrcp*n?d by Mr. J. W Clowe*, uuite in
ecornmending it to the public ccn.filence. L Parmtly, Sur[*'
Dfutint 341 Bro id* hv * Y.i J. bmiik Dodge, Burgeon
Den'ist, 47 bond street, N. Y.; N. Dodge, Snrcrou Dwi.i sag
Broadway, N. Y : E. O Burger, Surpeon Pentijt, 34 Market
street N. Y (XJ~N B. Note is g.-iuine, U' less signed by
the pioprietor. 811J. ale-*, by Ihe folU*wie?E Dnmidf,Cvi
oil. 24 3 Bleeekerstreet; King.641 Broadwsv ; 8<A>. ffellu. 114
Uaual ft.'. Hart's, 278 Broadway, and ror Ilud.on and North
Mo ire streets; Milnor 192 Brcadwsv ; Hurnel;2IO Chatham;
Syirif, 63 Bowreiy. cur Walkrr si ; Hutching. 150 bowery, and
Do..little.215 Outre ?t.; price per vial 50 ecuts?half vial 95.
dl8 lm
D~"r T -.YL' in'8 BALAAM OF LIV ERWOK T.-At the
oi l mtMhllD innut. 375 tfowery.?The person advertising
in Smug street, first m drr anonymous initials, then as W.
w. Taylor, and agala as W \V. rhavcr,hss^aot now,nor
n ?cr has had any cunnertion with the establishment at No.
075 tlnw.ry 'Ihe late proprietor, F A. Thayer, nud but
one brother, named William W I huyer?he has not Pern
in the house of his deceased brother for .rrrral years. About
four year ago he opened a store at all Spring strrrt, and adfertised
R. a-rs' Bat-am of Liverwort- --nd near two years
ago r ims bit ire the imhlic m support "f Burritt St Co in imitatn.K
Dr 1 ayh r'? Balfam of l.iverw- rt? .nd agaii comes torward
clsimua! the 1 roprietorship of said medicior. when it
?as well In own that at the time ihe proprietor llie late FA
Thayrr lisst "etrodnced this celebrated tncdtciur, W W Thaytr
was ab uit fourteeu years ot age
Be e r< l il " here you hny?Purchase only?mind this Owlt
?al the old offi c 375 8 .wciy, h twe.it Fourth and Fit h
Strt sts Our ?j!-nts will plattsi addiens as form-rly d29 lin*
PERMANF.N T ESTABLISH MKNT.
MOtS MALLAN 4t flONH, flutvon Dentists,S71 Broadw
ay and at London and Pans inform the public of New
York and iw firim'y. th-t i.i co .scpicure of tli ir very ritensivr
practice, tliey have at length h. en indued to open a per
:..U 1,1 ' n *. - > '1 in ir! ll'. v\ V r. II, V liny null. <1 dally,
371 Br>ad*?y betw la Kr ink 1 in :?u ! WhltlItfHtl, iu rill
curi appertaining to Ih ir profession, in w hicn they lnv* been
so ru<cess'ul. in eons, queues of their celebrated di?c> venog
HBO in,, wiwi nli, in the art of Dontistry . dli |m*
glorious wig victory.
PH ALON, late of Chatham 8.iuin, now of si 4 Brooiwv|has
aer.in taken Ihe lirst Premium for the brat spoenrtrn of
WIGS AND SCALPS.
A CON VINCINO proof, if any were wanting, thai native
ingenuity i( appreciated before foreign boasting and hnmhuj;
a* the opinion o three ol the o deal and heat judiimm
thi prolrHOton in New York can test if ?,*. Thr public caii uot?
judge fnm the premium*. vi*. the silver medal last vrar. and
the first prsminm this, aw arded by the American It stunt".
wh> IS or IS in it the MR Wig m.Jur. H Pli.lou respectfully
invites ail judges and wearer* to oainme his premium nupro
veil lioammer Wig. whi. h, for surpassing ?leg-iuce, elu.e rt
semblance io nature and beauty of mei-hasiral structu e may
tie regarded as one of trie greatest masltr piects ol art t vet
pieduci d in the world
N H.?This rpleudnl wig weighs little over half an ounce
the lightest ever known. ...
ManufaCiairer end pro'isietor of ITia'on> eelehrated
anti dandruff,
fir reinoi tug I lie dander ri.mi Icti Ijr from the head, and a tl or
oogh elemner of the surface and hair i f the head, hut leal es
lousy and silky apicarance to the H AIR
Observe, uonc is gruuiue uultss sigucl by ire in ink
HOWARD PHALDN.
Applied on the premises for 16 cents dta tin'
MY. hi '"A t, C A fU) ? 5 n rS oy? a, No lit PUltlf St , nasi
( halha o el., still sffotds rrl f to the afflicted of both sex
ex He m tj he alums eon.ull-d, with the utmost confident?
in the worst c-s s of delicate diseases mercurial affection*
and li e numenous symptoms arising Irom this disease. From
[)r C's cit-n-irt practice (or ihe last eight years in thispirtn
cmar h'anch of the profession, guarantees a safe, speedy and
effective cu'e to all lersons who apply to him Itr. rnt cases
cuird is a fe w dies Without th? see of men ury. or any other
lanaeroua medtne'ine No mterrs p?iuj from business, or alte.
ration in the ir.nelf of living. All whose cases have been pro
traded or acgravatnl he nialtrea'inent, may srply with the
utrt wt routidence ol b-iug rffectu dly cured Terms moderue?
atteudsnce from 1 in the uiortiuig until toatuisht. Of.
fic? IS Duai e st eltt Im*
Hi.in SED'r PomQ'.ipatbiaR TOOTabee
'ILLS ? A n? w bunt.Mii aI h 11 opmpJ aod gir idr
Io?*h i R*-Iii?jz ilr^rot?* bri ht nud elorion* star b** an^naiiditclik
ring iHinuPiidi h ith r?ncHrb'he.?lth and life It h
the urut H acwpithtc m^dKint. Th*$* Wills Ictitbedit*
tinevly undrrnttsOd,? ur^ Ultra*'- by a *|?ccilic h >mcB?3thia powft.
w:.ich ii?ft?otly i?wt * \ mop loth** actio.* audprcc ? *? "f th*
d??r ? c A? ? n hh hry h*?e o^ralfd. you f*el tb ?t * hinvy
1111 ha? t' an takfu Irnin I * Dony. nij tor irao-pni, r i-ij mi
in I i 1 hi a'th.nnmedi (fly aping i p iu 111 | lac* By It- piug
ih ac'ion of thi itiaenie. they re.tor* health. and atngih,
I'm appetr*. and all the'miction*, to tin ir natural ?t?tr: ml'
h? r?eo?ery i* rapid. |*if ft??4 complii*. Their operation
nn li t b will ii abunJiiit'y fire, nul i le.i.ar.t rail Datura';
t ry ever tiik'n 'k' atnmach r cramp the ho we!*, but e at-|i11
.not -t il agreeable aeniatioaai and what ir a gieat object
ID the*' 'Ml* Hi' V arr alwaj a .fi . ihey toayli i ill. u u i I
iv anion*. and u d-r any c remnitai yea, without regard to
the n urir of the i?ea#e. for 'he operate upon the general toD
at tuti in. i ipellnu- dieea-e from the- body wherever it may br
mliil. K>ery on* who keep* throe i il a bv them will alw .) i
hie a tarnily pby itiau ui hv own houae, aud wh~n uamg
the"i m >y ' nfidi n Itr* ply uprni quick rrato. anon of br ilih
The v tray br had at 97 d and '97* Bn ? way , t j at.?l tlaw
m >j nd ,a?0 Htdaon rirret, 77 Kaat Broadway. Tf Ku toe
I'rrrt, and 9? OtrrDW ich itreet. C. WARRKN.
jl l.r'
l)a.>i M tVnt'TT \Rf) Nl'tf Ct?AL AT LtCKAWSN
I NA KRIC1K8.?ItraJ Tracli On-hard, Rid Aah, Lerg<
Nut Co l. do bly acrrmrd. and dr trtrrd to any part of thi
nit fire of car nut . at $7 M; Broken or h.gg.Vi SO; Lehigh
f* gnihrreoeil Liverpool, >ll 00 Apply at yard 604 W?*h
MM on atrrrt. a<r Sptwf ________ d-USni
? ?i r K.l A a . \Nh l.tM n C< > a |Y* a S V, fur IV yaie
A " A NLtRKWS' CtCLKBHATSD ' (J.il HINATHO
LOCK.' a** auw ready to rrrnra order* for thi a crlahratai
loek.aol h ?iu? art pit I the iium*r u? oidrra lierrtofnr* rt
C?IT d are ? * pr. ; I ro " t'ir r tlriwii c at ra if rm?iita
he n-?i.ut*e'u *?* ol tl err Loci* to delirrr at to* ihurtrit
ti I e iieai..ii o4 'he ream ml ion ia to fjrnirh thini I
?rm P,p* in ike I piled StUtea, ai.J the gecunty the) ha?
raitid.. . turn abed to aui h batik* aa h?i-e applied ll.in
IC net b. g nibbed, having often been tented by burglar*, i
uft. kiii ,r.. f -hit p,, hauk on be eonaidrrad a *afe le-tomla
) wil,. i n, ?. !?,!,* i n their vaiflti or ?afe*. Ail otlie
a kr Can I h,?? g, pa) ofwnrd, whih thewr hi I defaDOe to i]
i ittenepai -ma tm r?ar muitiou ol ehnnge* it can uixl-rgo. vart
y fi ui t.tl to i,ptM uco. at th* willof the owner, forniih*
aergrity t "t f unud in any oilier moile of faatenuig. Uoeka fi
?iA-i a. d ator* .Wu fnxp ly* t? 4,1*1 rhangaa
\* rolaue bi the anpeiiority o( th? loekoTer any athwr, r>
rrt I' n.a4e u; of the Vuiha in VVal e^reel. New rnn
. I?in a - ill officer* of b ,uka ?re reiiueafd to atami * th
t. eki 1| J order* will he rworivni ,1 iKr offi.-e of
1 ,v*n?W(WTn k svfrTM.
U? 4 fail re" lane ag?ou fur th* city
I ?"U'! Vr -Twlee ieriAport uuiuj art. ry mearprurug ew
rj a -r" t four Si lb lo M Ik. juM eeraiee,! ixnl for aaj? b
OH hi)WARD COULLNS h CO. 'A SW'gah it
I otOTICC U l>mt|i |lnt,dalkW follow * Siock C*ttk
ii i itoln |qOtrBtfr, it ?wppo*?d . >
(wr.oiui ou thr eie of C. l.raling 'o the L ulled 8t?lt? wlicrr. ,
mull probability th<y w ill nttrmpt 10 Kgoliatr the enuie.?
AH per.oue -re c .utioui d uoi to purch.it-the mmr, m n r?
lure- h? r b-e n t-kt u to ?t?p |,a\ meat ef I he coUinujt, or i .teriat
ai <1 princir 4 when din-, vie : ?
I-'i.aieli'orf -ud Hlbrr'rld Railroad Bond*. with cnu;<ou* ti
1841 50 Umidi o 100 rii dolluri each. No. 8U1 to 8,40, No
108 to 101; N 4074 lo 4083; No 5081 lo 5090
lluffirii 5 per eeut Botidi with Hope k C\j of Amiter-larn.
4th loan, Tone bond* of 500 runlet men. No. 5350 lo No. 5388,
wo hunt coupons. I
II iDutrf-iHii 5 lercrnt Dnudt ef 1830. with coupon* to 1815.
No 90 lo 3*1, three oom't of I00J ru dollar* each; No. L65
No 851 A, vo. 26! U. three bouda of 500 rn dollar* each.
Bond* of Pru*.uu Loan o1 1-30, at 4 percent in Kngland.
Willi rrupMur, 13 b >nda of XlOO rich, No. 1-05, 1812, )]||,
187 4, 1*377, 5895, 10 t'69. 15,344 lo 15.349.
Should ny ol #ie a hove hou.lt he offered for tale, pertout I
to whom they may be off r. d are rnjuvite.l to etup the aarne
and give notice to Chinch* Si Kru^'r, 48 Br- u-1 street who
will p.ire the uicts.ary security. and pty all nasonable ?? (
pencr*. on rtcovery of the whole, or any part thereof,
88 lm* .
MARTIN VAN BUREN.
/~\V' LATK year* it was generally remarked that Marti a Van i
\J B ria vtialw i) ; 11 g< uue tia I h i i ? : 'l
uitiph Diver ciei eii. or defeat d**;r?g <d biui, but headways
*ct Tied perfectly -t his en* r; and when the
' : S1DI N ! KL EL?< TION
went against him. lie took il an c *lm a* a summer morning lu
short nothing could luffle him. Now, g"t*tle re?der the r?-v
mo of this *a* lii t Ik was a constant pit run cl" PETf'.H'S
PILLS, which have such marvelous effect in harmonizing
ihrey torn, that 00man who lakes them can have bad blood, or \
b* inliueuced by auffer, passion, sorrow, despair, and a how! of
eiiirr t-vi's tint II i?a (uuprotrrtftl 1?> Peter's Pills) is h-ir to.
luueeed if ohm, intend ui ? tfi ieut doses, il is estimated th"?t
they w at Id make a tiger at ?!. * sains ti.n?* strode as a lion and
*f title Ai a lamb. We are L -I ( tio se r ni u4e by the opening of
CON GKKbSt
unr!?r the hope that it may induce th? warm blooded members
to l> r.tke tht in *elve? to.hese .ills. which will enable th'rnto
go through the.r labors in a cal.u passi'-uleefi manner, and t iub
j*r?-vtiiit an* repetition of those sceuts of rowdyism which
.v ' Iten isgracsd ii?~ n liona) MfcnbiVi PetaHb Piili
*re a! 60 wonderfully efficacious iti the prevention of
INbAMTY.
*nd altogeth r the best thing we a wow for the at iking of sound
< usti! t i its and g m it i los i I'tter'n
lill* may* be obtained at hi* officer 450 Broadway,
cortr. r of Grand, and at No. 00 North bixihatrvct, Phiiad I
p' ii. 4ll lj?
I \i: :h WINK BITTEKs.I'
Kicha iln.'i Uitterst : dycrtiritd in uno h<r columu, are
highly spokmof in this vicinity by geutlcneu wh> are not in
the f a )it of drinking bitters, (any more than the good gii I wad
of going to meeting ) lor the pleasure of it ?V e nave uo
t.idle lor th^fe thftigd ounelvea, being quite bitter euough already.
without ilie .ml of rue. wormwood or quiaaia Nevertheless.
if ?ffliefed with he prevalent dise ?ses enumerated in
lh? advertisement and ob igod to become either a " pitl swallower,'wor
abibbler, we ch .old Iw inclined to call at (ir-tnt'a,
and inquire 'he w ay to " health aud stieugth*'of Doctor Kicharddou
? Exeter ( N. H ) Nr ws Letter.
MiF.aay Wim K^ittkrs.?The-p are a remedy very highly
!<nd viry ju?tly recom mended by physicians aa of great efficacy
in giving strength to ttie week and debilitated. The use of
yearn baa satDfac only proved tiieir virtues. Untinctured by
rhe s ighted deleterious matter, they communicate the healing ^
power of the beat inedicfoal roots and plants They restore,
and, if not laid aside, preserve ?hc whole animal economy in a
state of habitnsl heaitiiiue-s They cannot be too frequently
commended to public notice by j ist encomiums from the pre**
[A B St L). Sands, 79 and 100 Ku?toil street. Agents
(In speakii g of the excellence of the 8h-cry Wine Biterr*.of
which Ut.-s r. A II & D- Sands are ap?nts. v? ; ? ait
those prepired by Dr S. O. Kichardson, of bouih Raiding,
Mass.?Eve. Signal, v. Y.
Sold at wholes*!* and retail, hv A B St D. Sands, Druggists,
79 and ICO Fulton *t ; David Sand* St Co 77 f-'ast Broad" g
way A bin. B Sand * St Co C73 Broadwoy ; Coddington.227
Hudson street; Mors, 591 Cr.and, corner ot Cauaoist ; King,
644 Bioway df9 lm'
INI):-.hi) int.uin* r .ih!r are the suffer'r* who foofii-My ar
deceived when applying to quacks and pretenders of medical
know'edge, and are thin ham bo* vied of n.eir money and the
precious time, which might have suffered to alleviate their excruciating
disorder hy the skilful treatment of a scientific
practitioner, might be happy enough to consult Dr. OLIVE,
ofelW West Broadwa), nearCanal street w? ere they will ob
tain the mo>t confident assurance of a trpendy and permanent ^
reli f, without the p nicious and inc -mraodmg use of mercury,
balsam copavi, spirits nitre, cubebs, lie , reference will also oe
git en to many cined of the most serious distempers dlO 1 in*
t i A v i niriri' i < 1't'H I Niii u/A \'ri> n i'i..
' J wish to purchase a loi of poixl cast off Clothiup, for which
tiey will ply a rciMMbUpruA Any p??BOB harifjc HUth lo
Jinpo?ie of, will pi*,t*'c call at their aiore, or by post, which will
b? punctually atieiMltU m.
i! in* M. S. COHEN & CO., 75 Chatham at.
AUKUSKinVM BOTA NIC A I. PI1.LV-Lrt ihe uulor'
tu iat? r>-,t assured, that tin re is no exaggeration in assertive
these pills to be a speedy and radical cure tor Ciocorrhoea.
Gleets, Irritation of Kidurys, Sic. '1'h.y were lor several
yeais, prescribed by tin- celebrated Abcruethy, in ail stage* ofth?
aisive iluea.cH In the first stages one box ia uru.Py aof- p
ficieut toelf'-ct a rure in a few days. In Inug protracted chronic
stages, obstinate gleets, Sir , mry are equally certain liavj
inp cored hundreds who had been tailing other medicines for
mouths, which tended more to destroy the constitution than
to cure the disease. They never have the parte subject to the
troublesome weakness which so frequeutjy occur- after taking
other medicines. Tliey hive no unpleasant taste or smell;
any one taking them might frequent the most r-fined society
without baring th 'ir misfortunes suspee'.ed. They are coinposed
entirely ol vegetable ingredients, which invigorate the
system generally. Kor sale only in Naw York, by Win. Watsou,
Apothecaries' Hall. 36 Catherine street, and tu Brooklyn
b. Bl -grove.drucgist. Kulton street d8 lm*
I) O (J T UK BELL
INOC'TOR BELL devotes his personal attention (daily until
LJ 9 P.M.) to the removal of private diseases in every simg. I r
Allsufferiiig tinder protracted cases,aggravated or unsuccessful L
iy treated by inexi>erienced orprrfendedpractitioners ; tliotala
boring under the destructive effects of mercury or quack no*
trums, and all who suspect the remains of disease lurking iD tl e
systeiti, may cousult Dr. B. always with s guarantee of cur..? r
ti/- reraons contemplating marriage, who have bees the subjeetsof
deliciitediseases, may consult c)r. Bell with houorxbl*
confidence. Post ra id letters, describing Ihe case o f person ?t
t distance, have his prompt attention. Dr.B.'s treatment n??expos.stc
suspicion,and ia well known to be s?f* ??d perma
QrJ~ Privata office* 4 COURTLANDT 8TREHT two
doors from Broadway. d4 tm
T'HK PRIVATE. TBJCAT1BE.?Tins ta a little volume on
1 dmeases in whieK >u. u?.? end most conveuient
in the plainest possible maimer. It
aim sl-owa the reason why these maladits so frequently continue
on from mouth to month,uucured. and terminate at fene'h
in other and p*:rmao' nt complaints Indeeo.no one tan rs?
tVi- liMle book without sreiug at ouee their true and real na- j
tui e. and mo the risk and danger of trusting them U igooract
an.l boasting people. . .... ,
With a view, however, to obtain a rational degree of conti
deuce in what he has advanced on the cure of thoae diseases, the
author thinks n proper here to give a simple statement of the
m raus and opportunities he hirassl! has had of forming just and
clear opimous ou this subject. He therefore begs tu stale, thet j
besides his mnk as graduate of Edinburgh, aud member of the
Loudon College, lie he h?s been walchii R these diseases, both
iu Hospital and city practice lor more than thirty years, and
tiMpuhlwhed two edition* of a work expressly on them. Also,
tlmt he lias letters ol commendation from the most eminent
nhvsiiiun* in Europe to the rros1 eminent in America, as ?-ir
Attley Cooper to Dr. Mott of New York and Dr. Physick,< f
Philadelphia, and others, and which may be seen by any one.
And further that he has the privilege of refeiring to almost
every phi sirian of emiuence iu this city. These are eircum
Stances Willi h afford the highest aaualaetion lo every one, especially
to those who are anxious to obtain the best ad vie*.?
The price of the bock is $1. , ,
I>r Ralph is consulted at his residence,88 Greenwieh street,
at any hour, and him distinct and separate apartments for Ihose
who have to wait a liitle. Communications by post are faithfully
replied to "14 ?m'
/\M TtiE CUKE tip STRICTURE?ft i* most unfonu
v/ nNte in this complaint that maBy i-ersotis have a stricture
who an- not in the least aware of it. The common notion
is.tiiat so long aa the uriue passes in a tolerable stream, there
cannot he i stricture. But tins is f r fro n true. A stricture
may, ?irn o.lfll nor* exisi lor moains, ni.11 urn 1 rai?, wiimiiki
proJaciiur any K'rikiiii; change lu tint reaped when a stricture
arrive* it that grrr of narrow ness a< sensibly to imiwi e F
the uriar .il it a serious m dady iHilred 'i he ohjret of loose
remarks howcter, i- to prevent ttua state, and to attack it at t
time when it is easily aud perfectly rttnored. But there lit
otlwr circumstances besides it* etti ct upon the.unur by vehicl
a stricture may be kuocv 11. or. at least, strongly susjiecied. and
t lough these at e numerous, there are-two which arc very com- C
mou ami very easily judged of, aud tlieee (ball be uieutwoed
her".
I he first t rt'iere circumstances relate* t? time. It ia well j
known that (In. tuire tnet frotn hunt continued and hadlj
krewltd (iouorrhd* Now, Whenever thu diieww continues
over many weeks, especially if in the early period any of the '
boasted Dostruiiir, of the day were taken, there ij jutt aud pro
;?er ctouiid to suspect a etricture.
The nut is nioel remarkable?it i? the effect a etricture lue
anon the mind and sti its. Title u a tact that m ?y t>e tho
roughly it lied 0:1. Indeed the author never eaw a c.se "I etrir ,
ture, (and r e sn v many ever) day,) in which tlie palirnt did '
t, man ,1 HI plain 01 his loss of in< ntal energy?'hai
h- wan not eo c.n' ihleeif bueiurae ae formerly. The reason 1 f
thu, liowrier, is dearly aliowrti in liui " f'rieate Treatssr," a
little rotuine 11 licrd in another LOliunn of thie paper, and to
which iIh- 1 eider is referred, not only fir knowledge of tins (
diaeac .hut ou every other connected with this subject
DK. RAc-Ptl fmtlirr hega to add. that he may be ?< nmiltnl
personally a' his residence. No. iS Greenwich street, at any
MWI aud ikotlU H> be in Jonht as to the enstcnce of thu
disease, especially alter perusing his little volume, he will,
a ithout eipeuie or the li ast pain, explain ami assure him wht
ther he h no or not. Let it only be remembered that, il he really
tv<* a stricture, uot all the medicine in the world, aloes,
will ever cure it. elf If'
epti bmVavki:"* \M) DisTfLukKH.-In- Hibscnbcff I
1 off* r for i*le nil that valuable property, fituatrd in Auburn,
nn*1 kn?*wn ? WatK ii md r*on*? Brrwery aud Uidiilir) with
\ I) v* e i rig H' Ihp, cu'.^urldiu^t, machinery aud f:\tur?e conuirl'dth
re with. Bant property c-niaiftii of :itx?ut two ten a
cf'and, lyng ou theaouth tide of the O**oeo nv^r in #<id
village; a btick ?1 w?*l*iii|r hotk.f, a dwelling houne, a distillery
capebleof dittilliug ISO buahelfl of I rain \? r day a Urge and
c^bvrnirn brewery and maJt hou*c. with IffA ki'm Hi fwt
*pi tre, and ample stenure for 30,000 bushels of grjin. a baru,
bed*. nt.ible, p? na lor 6(?0 h?|?a, and .?i < rti e situated thereon.
Connect# d with the d#stnlfty and brewery there ia a atemn
ettpirn of V) horae power with t?"o ry lin<b J?? ample rnaehim ry
1.11 . rind a*, an I a hi lienor rectifying eataUliahmeii'., cout iiu
in,. 01 ol J .1.11 Wright'* patent ikokol eoponr ntuit.
The whole mtahluhtneat i* of a inprnor kiml, well fmiehrd
ml ronvureut in all it* arrangement*, mtuated id a rich and
ftonriahing gr.in growing country, u uow 111 eoni| Ictr onkr,
and in full opcratp n.
Ithavux: become no eaaary to *eH (lie aime in r,ifi? qu. nre
of int ol II. Wat- n it will be di*pn*id of at a bargain
Oik llui'l of the pnrchaar money will be required on
li e tchvcry ol the deed, a d the balance may be left 011 bond
and mort^ige for a term ol year* if deri-i d.
For rrftrrnec inquire at Wm. Lriich'a, 7? Nudcou atreet.
Neat York, or of the euh.criber*in Aiibu n, N. Y"
OEOHOK lv LV.ITCH.
dip 3 i< \ y WATSON
Oil.villi FEAT ft -\VM.T u"?ii *TW aTTi m atreet,
k~ i otilinue* to manulartiirr Sileer Ware of evrry deerriptlou,
of the latent pattern*, and la* now oil han tcairlta. coffuc
pita. I>i rhi i* i up*, waitrrv fork'", aroona. of lich na well aa
of the p'anoet at, lea The whole of lhe?e artic vt.bnng manufactured
upon tl e pernio*, from atriling niver, no puiu* or
< *|en?e w ill hnnpirnd in the bt-iuty of the worktu inahip.
l Jtn
TO M A KKIEB LAI)TES7
MADAMK KKSTEll S rKk.VK.NHVK POWDk.RS
I h>er inralua ile PowJer* have beea iibivrr'ally adopted
ia Kurope, but France m particular, for upward* of IMrir
i > eera. i* well a* lir Ihmwanda id Una rountri, aa bring m?
only Wild, a.fe and ethreeion* mmedj for married ladiea ohoee
health fori ida a too rapid inrrraae of family.
M >dame Beat Ik a* ia well known , waa fortiiirt'.y yearn
I k'rma'e Phynteiui in ihe two pr ncqwl Fecno/* Hiaq.il l? in
; R rope?lit, ae of Vienna ai d Pari*? where la?ortd bp hie
, gleet en>erieiioe aud oppirtunilien, rattained that celebrity
in Ihoee great di?cortriea in medical ncience no am
cielly ad ai led to the Irma e frame b r which her medkine*
i now atanJ imneailed aa well m 'hi* c uotry an in Kuropn. Hn
( a-qtuimatu-r Willi the phy*io'.jg)- and anatomy of Ihe fraiale
. frame, einbled her?by riming ihe deehne and ill health of
married fe a)i*.*,*rre m the meridiaai of life, and tlw eonee
q ie?f ripil and ..ft. n apparently ionnidicable cauae* which
rouaign m up a fur.d mother to a prrmatuie grave? to their
tru. .. I,. - to ami' at a kiiowhdge ol live twin-art oauaen ol
fema.'r indn.-oeilion-?e?penially of named h malcn?which, in
rOH hd i o toe ,li?c.-ie,y ol her < eWbrated''Preventive I'ow
, dern " Their adoptit r? ha? been the meat* of perrerving not
" only the li'a'th. hut eren the life ol many an affectionate wflv
! ana fond mother , , ,, ., ,
J The "!v< rtiarr f-eding the impoytanee of thin auhwet, and
mtimatiuq lh- vaat benefit* reuniting to tlvawaDda hp then
adoption, would m*?t rwmctfuUy armine the attentK.n of ta?
* married. h> a l that ti ey bold Mir?d dear.t i licon*i<lerar
Him. it n t wwe an I vutuowa to prnvnot i ? il tlo which we
err *11 ye..I, l.f mui|de and healthy ma*on within aur control '
' Frery dirp> ?*i*niU, rirtnoo*. and nn'igntennd nnud will uu
hriiii'rily aantvir in the amrtnative. Thin in all Uiat Mn
e -tame Reat 'li i*c*nmradi or ittr rae immeruled. Price A
b.tara in o?age, aecotnpniiied with full aid particular din e
te ,ia 'In. p i an he foi w ardr d hf mail to any part of thn UuiterfMiD
Ah letti rn mint he port paid, and addnnand la
a MAPAMk. RKH'I KLL,Female Vnvnicun. Principal -Sec
, I*a(i'iu virwi, New V.ak OAr* l our* from I A. M
i. o VI, P. i". P. p.iei Tic? No. T Klin it dtlrwdfcw*
CUSTOM 110
THE following Pickagi i having rosi im J in the Publ
on FRIDAY, the ?.h <A January, IWt, by L. F. H?
Custom House, 31st December, 1841.
iMIf*. At'atkt and fhvulei i.
lH-J-i
April IS B A oi 8 Ajrmar one ]
183*
Ort. 77 William Thomson one 1
1833
April 30 Joseph Barker one
luue 10 Y in a diamond I si five c
" 19 S S 143, llo two i
* 1!) " 147 one c
Sept. 28 WKJ oner
'* 39 1* K IS one h
" 70 " 13 one h
Jet. U F 40, 43 twoc
* 11 " 1 one 1
5er. 31 A Nloore fur M Nichols out I
1810 1
April 13 II CK *.... oneb
' IS Miss Anna G Gilbert two 1
a 14 Mrs Ballagh 1 oneb
" 21 Sir John Vuurtiuu, care of Tlios U ll> uu one p
" 23 JFf one h
" 28 No mark one ,
" SO 1111 New York oner
" 30 Mr W A H illock one p
Hay 2 K B in a triatigle Y under oneb
" 6 I'wi.h K. under oneb
" 6 P with C uudi r A over one
u 8 John Bide or Roche Brothers one ti
w 18 No mark on** p
IB Samuel i uuui)'?'JUi . . . . oiiO
(uue 1 T D Parke r oneb
' l X in a diamond 363 one c
" 3 Bar Dr Pablo Duany, Rep-tad ooo b
" 9 Mrs Mullen, Broadway one b
" 11 F P C 1 a 19 eight
" 1 3 F H N 1.2 Uoo
" 13 Abijah F >y, Ehj careof Olyphant* Co. onec
" 15 K in a diamond 15a 19 . tour t:
" 16 John Drummond one b
" 35 11 11 connected 10 -nr c
" 35 C I thi e
" 39 V B 1 a 8 tight
(uly 9 C T with A under 0 One t
" 23 Rev W A Hallo- k one p
" '23 Mis6 Harriet Williams one t
" as ' " oue I
" 33 Mim Lydia Peaslre, care Hickoek 8t
Poaieroy cneb
" 38 John Miller, Bioad street one I
" 34 Thomaa Barr,care Ilobt Mumby one ti
" 30 M in a triangle 1,3 two <
" 30 Sor DrJoae Valiant, care John Wallia. oae h
" 30 Spofl'ord Jc Tileston onu t
" 30 Log Cabin ten si
tag. 7 No mark.... oneb
" 7 * two i
" 10 B one <
" 10 P V it W in a block one p
" 19 No mark one I
" 30 Rev Mr Hallock onec
" 31 No mark ci
" 37 DrMartin oneb
'* 38 Mark defaced onec
lent. 3 WH in a diamond tweli
' 7 BAKE connected 1189 oneb
" 10 F with E C over and C under 1 oneb
" 10 Joseph F Johnson oneb
" 13 No murk one h
" It JCP with N Y under onec
" 15 No mark fifty ?
stoi
" 19 Red Wax eight
H 19 " oue h
let. 3 HR 82. 84.88 three
* 0 J E with EC connected uuder 1 onec
* 6 B 101 one c
w 7 8 W Benedict one b
" 9 TV connected 1* 136 a 144 one I
" 12 lianl Ounn,care Rev A Maclay onec
" 13 11 \f connected and P3 oneb
" 16 JT3.6 twoc
" 23 B R Brown, Esq one t;
" 24 No mark (containing a Harp) onec
" 26 I F 210 onec
" 26 one c
" 31 David Sterling, care W Smith oneb
fov. 6 Messrs Peacock 8c Fowler ..... oneb
*' 6 MrUarret one k
? 10 A 111 onec
" i| Lindley Murray Moore oneb
" 11 MathiasBruen one p
" 12 PO20 onec
" 14 Rev Thomas McCric one p
" 14 LC with C under...... tweni
14 (.' in a inamonu n ouuiae twin'
" 16 Mri Woulfe, (Charleston) one c
16 G D one 1
" 34 ND1 one c
' 36 Dr J C Johnson one c
" 37 William Fbming one h
u 37 G Blalch, 8t Johns, NB one c
lee. 0 W D J one ti
- 9 P N T 1 one I
" 80 J A Ackley, ISO Nassau street o??p
1841.
an. S M in a diamond E oui"iJu M oneci
" 16 Mr Jaggur. ODe tx
u v pre oneci
16 F A A 1 a 6 six hi
" 16 F K 33 one c;
u 16 Jonathan Amory oneci
" 16 JAB one ci
" 19 W 8tC 1,3, 6 three
" 30 Anchor M k S 160,141 two c
" 33 HI one t)
" 26 Walter Buchanan, Oneida Co. NY.... one I)
* 36 Na mark one h
ar oic i/..
Jar. 3 CM one b
* 30 F 8 H 1 one?
" 30 " 2 a 4* three
" 34 Joseph Yeni two '
" 37 A E Wright, Fulton st NY one c
" 30 Menn Brown twee
Ipril 2 N oneb
" H 8 over M diamond 9,9 once
" 10 W 8 with P under oneb
" 16 John Livingston oneb
? 16 K in a diamond one c
" 16 R kCo in a triangle 447. 443, 461 a 483.. flva c
" 30 W K P in a block 419, 460 two c
" 30 Edw Long. Washington, NC six bf
" 30 Tay lot k Merrill one k
" 33 AC 1,3 twoc
" 24 one b
" 37 No mark four*
" 38 Thomas Chamberlain onec
" 23 Tho* Lnrne for Thos White onec
" 23 Mrs L H Thornhill onec
u 33 James Hudson one b
TI1F FOLLOWING PACKAGES WILL BF. SOI
Datr*. Ma/it and JFttmAers.
13.TO
lent. 13 F in a di'mend, 61 a 53 three
? id " u 13. two<
- 26 Blank diamond circle! on the cornora.. fire ?
" 29 PF11 ouch
" 2b " one b
let. a FP with L> under one b
" 9 No mark ones
1840.
Lpril 21 nc 1 one <
" 24 LHB 15 one (
Lug. 26 WW Andrews II one t
" 30 " " 12 one 0
" 26 SI 7 one c
" 26 9.M 8 one <
1841.
"el>. 30 BkK Hi one c
d M 19?j
ECONOMY I
1ENTLKMEN WISHING TO SAVE ? PER CENT. FN
TO CA
MARTIN'S CASH TAILC
137 WILLIAM 8TREET, (BET
Where tlx]: c>n have Garments made in the neatest and
Xing purchased for 'ASH.
SUPERIOR DRESS COAT'S 114 to HI
WOOL DYED BLACK COATS 14 to se
VESTS
Gentlemen (nrniahir.g their own gooda can hare then mat
ORKS9 COATS #T ? to R0?
PANTS A ND VESTS I N to 2 00
Off- TEH
M E. M. return# his sincere thank# to those who hare pati
wantint on hie part to enan e a continuance of tltcir farore
JOHN M^CA
INTELLIGEf
NO It NASSAU STREET. BF.TWK
HcfTence?Waehinrten Irrin*.Key. Meiirr Breerort. Jr.
MEDICAL AID.
OR GREGORY,Ne. 94 Mott street, near Chatli ..n square.
To those afflicted with one parti' ulaf I is.- ol di??*#e, it is
of the utmost importance to olitaiu the adiiii md services of
a phyeician who ha* had practical e?i erieur* in ihie pogRfh,.
brunch of liie profession, and who is capilite of deewji^j '
twr'm a slikht infection and a dselractire canetitutioJlT . .
der, and l' is also of tile rre test imp.u lance to the r' , .
he obtain a remedy that Aiill be moablc to the r.l'i aJh.iI na
of the complaint. harin. >v in ii,w fefijff"* ft ff
cup ill n. Mi. a<e kr It it also ui.portanj f ?
brat four or (ire days he dleWf.Uo p-aj; d#) ^ '?,t,,
mcdy (it, which tune . cacemigM ,, ^nDtKa
I. often compiled tn.llrtrr ae ---^ ,, f |||( ,wu re^?
Dr. Gregory j rem-lira. " ,",01hrr phyairi in. ar- mild
ducorerr and are uutMtW * {?' nerer iicVrn ami disorder
t*ram ch1" lhr'?ra?Ti!J?ve^*,,t to e%rr7 ahont the peraon.
> ice"'.'if^r c,tr dco U
which''meVbe ha'dir itmUHi y at thiXc'torb. iWe (not*
diM.lerr). S4 Mott atr.rl. marly opt* site tie etmreh. Aserranacinrnie
iiare been made for tlie acciminodaiaon of
MtieuU Or O. does not limit hia aiteudsnee to a (aw hours,
bift will hoW hinadf m rtudmwt in I* cou#i lud at any hour
of *l*v or ii?ht. Communication* post paid will tec*nr?
?" d*J7 l fn
prompt mioniioH.
n 0 A It i) i Mi HoU*>*..- pAsVfitf. Rt F.srKfflf.s
D Mm WKST. No M C*lle V/ -Mm WK?1', No M
Inqmwdor, n k* door* telow ?'all* del Y: qiiiaiHor, eerca d<
the Market. linlaiaVHj*.
HeeeeMrre will be wanted Loe kree TVawreroe ten!
hy the (TJerk ol the Hoiiae in aMietidoe. |mr el dependient
I tnuding and emt trki.ag attend- del eatablei imi-tito ? n llegt
ing to their luggage, permit*, da enr*rg*i.d?f-de lie equip
paerporle. Ve je? licrnciae de cleoembar |Ue
Knsliahan.i At<u>ithnei?*nU panap r e?, St .
wulnyed in thehmwe. L?a t'ltk t hablao el bp<
Haven*. Oct. 1. UN. aoleYrglea
o'ltend'bm Haaanit, I Oetuhre 1?3I.
FEMALE MONTHLY PILLS
pjttrAHKU BY MAUAMK COSTKLLO, Ne ll Ufa t
1 nal d ?tr< et.
Tliepe IN lie are acknowledged by the fitet phvmrian* in tit
Inited ptatee ? the very Vet nwshrnre that ladwa lebertn
mder e enoiVeeel >n of their natural ilttieea ran lake, anil the
?eey ee lotn tail to relieve when Uhan according to Oie dirvt
'tone. Thnee who eall foe them will be aupelted with her eb
ruler, r. ntaimag ample direction*, end ml the pr*r?ui>of? "
reeetry i?r be ohaerved te tteir ?m. Advice gr ilia. Iw"
Llipalwu-d (t>ret w< If*
1)01-1 tlU.Ntt CLOTH "foT^nerblT mnowteetiie* ' <<" ?
* i?f missK. a BAoexs.ti uVm m
' I
USE NOTICE.
laasr ww bu wu - -1
EDWARD CUnTI3, Collector
Packages. t'mri,. fTktrt From
[ uek.ige, Ship Tuscany, Hambargh '
*x. " Orphcu*, Liverpool
b?S. ** Rankati.
:as'i*, " Moutpeiirr, ftrweaeth* />
:asks, " ? ? ?F
fcSf, " ? u t!?*k,
" Empire Liverpool
ihd, ? ? <!
arriL " ? *
aika. " " ?*
teg, a
>arcel, " South America, "
>hd, brig Isabella, fit Croat
undies, " u ?
srrel, " Long Island, "
ackage, 41 Ang-lique, Amsterdam
'"1. Baropj# Eupliiokinc, BorJean*
ack, Ship Congress, Valparaioo
iackage, Barque Atlantic, Bremen
ackage, u u u?
?*t M Blackness, Dundee
"1*. Stera'rUn-at Western, Bristol
ackage, " ? ?
runk Rkl. I
arcel, Stem'r British Queen, London
hest, Ship United 8'ateS, Liverpool .
?x, Barque Bcvis, Kio Janeiro
?*e, Ship Iowa, Havre
ox> Brig Mario, St J ago de Cuba \ '
ox. Ship Patrick Henry, Liverpool
een casks, " Henry AJloa, London
a>ks, w Tszoo, Liverpool
a9e' " Lehigh, Canton ,
'arrels, Brig Emmelir.e, Texas
05<, Ship Romulus, Oreenoek
a""' " Howard, Hamburgh
cases, u Kr^nkijn, Rotterdam
" Hellesimut, Havana
J!"*' " President, London
k Frankfort, Liverpool
l0X 1 CJeu ^ Marion, Kingston
0JC? " Casper liauser, Ms'.ansae
ox, ? .? ?
10x' 'ana Hadilow, Ot eenook
sasks. 8'"Pl?TOnto, London
'ox> " Lri?.>VBi Colon, Havana
)OX, " U 14
nail boxes, K ?
ox, Schooner Comet, Key Wont
: lusts, " " ?
juarter box, Barque Rapid, Havana
>ackage, Brig Arma.lilla, Antwtrp
issket, Ship Hiddons, Liverpool ,
ase, " Utica, Havre
ska, Brig Helme, Egypt
ox. Ship Silvie de Grasse, "
a?e, " Great Britain, Dundee
'6 kegs, BarqtieCragevand, Kolterdana
ox, , Brig Hope, Londou
ox, Ship Mediator, Nassau, HP
ox, Schooner Ermine, Havana <
alt box, Ship Norma, London
ase, ?' Wellington,
tight grind- Newcastle
ies, Biig Rosalind, Hamburgh
een barrels, " Hortense, "
all barrel, " " Havre
bags, Ship Burgundy, Marseilles
aso, Basque Le Ormge, London ?
ase, Ship Philadelphia, H
ox, " " Havre
teg, " Dueh. D'Orleans, Oreenoek
ask, " New Vork, Hamburgk
ox, Barque Taoli, Curacoa
ages, Brig Tam O'Shanter, Havre
runk, Stearoor Preei lent, Livenmol
ese. Ship North America, "
ase, " Vtllo dcLyon, Havre ' >
ase; an
ox, " CnssanJcr, Glasgow
:eg, " Ontario, London
e*' " . " "
use, DiiiHnore, *?"? w
ox, M Wostminster, London
arcel, " Toronto, *
aie, " Howard, Hamburgk
>arcel, " Sheffield, Live-pool
ty boxes, Barque Nat trino, Bordeaux
ty boxes, " a "
:ase, Ship Baltimore, Havre
>ox, Brig Franklin, Rotterdam
aae, Ship Illinois, Havre
ase, Stem'r Biitish Queen, London
ox, " Great Western, Bristol
ase, * H ** i
runk, Barque Ann Louisa, VeraCrnn *
x>x, Brig Firm, RioJanesso rr
cuage, ShipOrry Taft, Leghorn
i6e, " Stephen Whitney, Liverpool *
JX, u Robert Fulton,
iee, Barque Diana, Bremen "t
tlf pipes, Ship Silvio do Gras??. Havre
" i^iantic, Canton
"cuies " Wellington, London t
' Barque Charlotte, Bremen 4
asket. Bjig Louiao. Marseillee
arrel" Barque Tiberius, Glasgow
arret " " u '?
?, tu, ir-..U"-Su"'? L.OIi*ob 1 a
ox, " Hellespont, Havana
tie, u Out? no, London
bundles, * " "
;runks, " Baltimore, Havre
ase, 14 Torouto, London
ast'S, u u a
ale " SirV.oni, Liverpool
aek. Stem'r British Queen, London
uudle trees, Ship Si?ido:is. Liverpool
ox, " Cambridge, "
asli, " Westminster, London *
asks, " Cambridge, Liverpool
irrels, u a
eg, * * i* "
:ase?. " Whitmore, Bordeaux
arrel, " St James, London
vaggon wheels Brig Tandora, Legulra
nse, Stta'r Great Western, Bristol
ase, "
ase, "
ox, *
LD FOn STORAGE UNLESS TAKEN OOT
Paskaq't. VetttU. Wktrc Pi on.
caika, Ship Georgian!, Liverpool
tasua. * Nicholas Diddle, *
:a?e?, " Whi?, Uot toed sea
'arrel, " Empire, Liverpool '
mrrel, ? ? i
?rrel, " " ask,
? ?
:a?e, " Poland, Havre
rate, " South Amoriea. Liverpool
runk, Brig Heltr.e, Egypt
aae, " " ?
aao, a u m
:ase, " a M ,
sue, Ship Ville J?> Lyon, Havre
S W E A L T H .
r ORDERING THEIR CLOTHING, A It I'. REQUEST*
XL AT
(RING ESTABLISHMENT,
WEEN ITILTON ANN JOHN.)
most fashionable ityla, of as :ru? liixxis, alwaye eo haef
I DRAP D'ETE AND B?" t ? A / i >K COATS fit to It
I PLAIN AND HIB'D PANTS, t toLM
*> SI to M II.
Is and trimmed in fh? l*?t jsaost, at Uis following piice|>?
I FROCK COATS 75 t# I TS
I OVEK COATS ?(??
.MS. CASH ON DELIVERY. -#>. *?. E. MARTIN,
or.ued bun heretofore. ami aasursa thaae that no eSert shag he
?lll|t
BE & CO.'S
^ 0 E OFFICE,
EN FULTON J *'nnxI'.aq..
Hon. M/ff* f *""" ? Pr"f ??__
PORTUGUESE
FEMALE PILLS,
intintD arm rar.ranrn av r
M. DE BOUDKLOQUK, M D. LISHMN. PORTUGAL
rpHE nientiiic combination of ingre .cut* of which these
a pills are eompos'.nt. Iiarr made them the wonder sod SmAmi.
ration of the world. They are known all orer k.nsnpr Yo be
th'only preparation evrr Mscovered that has proved inriariably
certain in pnalucitw the m intbly turss. Thei' carta.iat|r,
in all cat's, bring such that tne\ mual not Or use.I daring i
aury,for though mild sa'r.and Wealthy, they are earthm tn
prsince imscaniage il nseil d ring that period.
Tiie directions are translat I into English. and are enveb |ed
I Miout with the aeal of tne importer St imped. Each boj. cos
tainy the aignature of \1. <lr "ouletoque, :?ui u.. r. , _
reetion* haveth? eifiuturr uf Ur V. MKLVKAU, aathoriaad
agent for th? continent 01" Amrric 1
Th?y run br trunmiltrd by mail to any part of thle Uoilad
Btatea Letrter* directed to Dr. F MefVaaii, boi it.FTT.. / .
Hill inert with immediate attention Hold by accotlitoiast art
<** llrand street. e? rner of Ailrti. Price ?). Maif knita. M.
No hail boieaecnl br m .il
ihtfiimlfcw ^
Pl'BLlHHt'JJ P All ? Bi / ?
JAMBS GORDON fiKFIl
No. n ANN J'HKBX. \
I JTCRMH Of ADVBK ris'.St> ?Tb* ?ntttm*i '? circaj
J atto-i of thn HFr?i.o. hotf. iti town and coonttl y, otakaa
' t a-upertor chawioi lor a.h oruirra. '
a roa rw'.Lrr nifta* ?* Haa: | .
, I dNJT.IO Midday a,$l i?| M 10:fj U H
? 0 7S 4 ? 1W ? " ?0? ?" I ft
I u 10018 * | t?l' ? la I it ' IN
b roa C|?T U**l ok Lara:
I week! -#Q M I J mouth* * f<0
ctonrb * 00 | ft month* .... 18 00
67- A\i adV?o*i*PMrnt4 to P?'<> (or barf"!* thwr :a
* A il vo rt t* inaertod in tht Wtrtty H'Uu at *!
' ?er oaa* twertior..
Maw*"*" Hr.a?LD?leaned erorr mornin ?jwlee toa
* ceH**P?r copy- Caontry tubacnhor* furr>?H?d at tha
g m>? rate, for any *| oclflc poriad, on r*"? Hama In
r a Irene a. No paoor a>vnt,nnloaa pal-* In idea i-?.
L' WaaiLT karaio? Mailtd erary aatuma/ uaomtog^al
a- able o'clock?pncanrc oti per oopjr Ihrnfohodta WU
M ?y aubacrtberaat pa per annum in ad'-nnre.
CoaaaipsHoaaTi are r?;ur?Uit? a-klr, ? tdedr lettera
la ta Jutaa Oobdow rrT.Prt/rirtorand ? * #
rdar* as baaincaa ?u?i '.k> po/f paid,
'' M